FORUM "The Cat" and Cheltenham, Two Different
Institutions.. To the Editor: January 18th, 1913. I would
be obliged if you will cor- rect in your next issue the
error which appeared in today's paper naming "Warden
Lankford" as "sup- erintendent at Cheltenham in Anne
Arundel Co." Mr. Lankford is not a warden a: Cheltenham,
which, if you mean the House of Reformation for Colored
Boys, is not in Anne Arundel County, and has no warden. The
reformatory at Cheltenham has the reputation of being a
model: for similar institutions in various other parts of
the country, as one of the best and most humanely managed
semi-penal institutions in the states, and one of the only
two containing colored inmates, which has colored
representatives on the board. Each Grand Jury has taken
occasion to commend its efficient management. Thanking you
in advance for mak- ing this correction of an error which I
am sure was an inadvertance on your part. in your otherwise
very accurate paper, I am, Very truly yours. Ε. Β. TAYLOR
Representing the City of Baltime on the Board of Managers,
House of Correction. Cheltenham, Prince George's Co., Md.
TAKES SLAP AT MINISTER WHO PROPOSED SLATE 1426 Ward St.,
Baltimore, MC. Mr. Editor of the Afro-American: I read an
article entitled "Minister Proposes Siate." The said
minister is not a member of the Baltimor Conference. Two
years ago he trans ferred to the Philadelphia Conier- ence.
He may have his transfer on the road to the Baltimore
Conferenc if so he is not a member of any ast yet. He is
standing on the outside! between the two conferences. We
resent such an article coming from an outsider. We men whe
have beeni in this conference for 25. 30 and 4 years do not
want instruction from: the Rev.. Mr. Armstrong. Let hin
prove himself in our church and con- ference before he
undertakes to telli us what to do. I have been traveling in
the Baltimore Conference for 28 years, and I would not dare
to dic- tate to the Conference who they snould elect to the
General Confer- ence. I pray if Rev. Mr. Armstrong has his
transfer in his pocket. he will wait until he gets back in
the Balti- more: Conference and received by the Conference
and then, prove himself. worthy to remaining it. REV.J.R.,
NELSON. 1426 Ward St, Baltimore : Reproduced with
permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction
prohibited without permission.
