CHELTENHAM AGAIN
It is now almost a matter of peri-
odical expectation that, once in a
while, the Grand Juries will in severe
language condemn the irregularities
and delinquencies of the House of
Reformation for Colored Boys at
Cheltenham. The late Grand Jury
has presented the same old story of
dark cells, inhuman treatment and
inability of the Reformatory to re-
form the boys sent hither. We are
not surprised at any of the revela-
tions made known. We are, how-
ever, surprised that intelligent and
thoughtful men of the dominant race
continue to persuade themselves of
the possibility of accomplishing the
very best results on behalf of those
boys, as well as in the interest of the
`community, by means of a staff of
officers and teachers of the white
race. There might be some hope of
the realization of such blessed results
if the very best white men and wo-
men, of culture, refinement and influ-
ence were ordinarily the teachers
and instructors. Only a supreme
love for humanity could carry such
a class of persons to work among
such depraved and unfortunate crea-
tures. But as a matter of fact, the
small salaries which the managers
are compelled to pay almost posi-
tively insures the employment only,
as a rule, of very ordinary white
persons to teach and uplift these de-
based Negro youth.
If the Managers of that Institu.
tion have only the future good of
these boys at heart, as well as the
improvement of the community,
they will forthwith consult with
such men as Dr. Booker T. Washing-
ton and Hon. John H. Smyth, super-
intendent of a similar institution in
Virginia, and make a search, a dili-
gent search, for the Negro man of
sufficient executive powers to take
charge of that institution. The find-
ing of such a person, to our mind, is
the only true and abiding solution
of the difficulty. If the best in the
Negro race can not get sufficiently
close to their own unfortunate mem-
bers to reform and uplift them, then
we seriously question the ability of
those of an alien race to do the same
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.