MB, GRASTY'S IMPRESSIONS
| Mr. Grasty; the Secretary of the
| Board of Supervisors of City Cbari-
ties, has been visiting in the South,
and incidently, he made a visit to
Tuskegee. Through the morning
papers he gives some idea of how he
was favorably impressed at that
great school, He seemed to be im-
pressed with the idea that the col-
ored boys at Cheltenham should,
almost exclusively be taught prac-
tical agriculture. We had hoped
that the wonderful grip of Booker
Washington, as well as his judicious
executive developement and hand-
ling of that great institution, had
impressed Mr. Grasty with the need
of putting Cheltenham under the
management of a superintendent
andinstructors taken from the same
race as the pupils of that institution
This is the paramount need, and
everything else is, in a very great
degree, useless until this is accom
plished. We appreciate good inten-
tions, but what the community wants
is results,
We make the claim and challenge
contradiction, that all the education-
al and reformatory institutions in
the Southern states that are accom-
plishing magnificient results both
for the community and the race are
officered exclusively by teachers of
the same race, or by such white peo
ple who, practically, make them-
selves such.
Reformation must come from with-
in. The "Kingdom of God is with-
in" people, and no one can reach,
arouse and stimulate to higher
things unless there is the closest con-
tact and oneness. But to banish
chair-caning, and other industries
from Cheltenham is a great blunder.
Possibly, nearly one-half of the boys
who go to Cheltenham, go from the
city and not from the country, and
when they become of age there is
no power to make them settle in the
country. We must deal with facts.
Then again, there are only certain
months in the year when it is pos-
sible to instruct in agriculture and
soils, What industries are to en-
gage the hands of these boys during
the winter months? Mr. Grasty
means well, but he is ignorant of
many things with respect to colcred
people and colored life. The chair-
caning industry in this city is not
closed against colored boys. There
are quite a number of such estab-
lishments operated by colored peo-
ple in this city as well as in other
cities.
It would seem, with a population
of nearly one hundred thousand col-
ared people that patronage for this
as well as other industries are abun-
dantly wear at hand.
Of one thing we are absolutely
sure, and that is, the greatest need
Cheltenham has is that of a compe-
tent colored man as superintendent
of that institution and a faculty
drawn from the same race. who
would work their very hands off of
them in demonstrating that those
boys can be reformed, uplifted and
made useful citizens.
Like Sumner, Garrison and others,
we believe in this matter with our
whole heart, and shall agitate until
our white fellow citizens are lead to
see the sweet reasonableness and
blessing of our contention.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.