in a community of more than one
hundred thousand colored persons
that there should be far more than
30 annual recruits from the army of
deserted waifs, youthful criminals
and unfortunate ones.
It would seem reasonable that
adequate and proper provision
should be made, especially for color-
ed boys between 2 and 10. If chil-
dren between these ages were
promptly rescued from vile and un-
healthy surroundings and placed in
a proper institution where they
might receive training and direction
just at the time when the chances
of their salvation would seem most
favorable. there would be fewer boys
at 14, 15, 16 and the like to be sent
from the courts to Cheltenham or
the jail, or let loose upon the com-
munity.
The Maryland Home has been ad-
mirably conducted and the children
of this institution indicate a very
hopeful future, but the benefits and
help which the few enjoy ought to
be extended to the many. The Board
of Managers of this institution rec-
ognize all this and have been study-
ing this problem for some time, but
they are poor men and the supply-
ing by them of t.se means sufficient
to procure a commodious property
suited for manual training and such
industries as very young children
could operate, is entirely out of the
question. Here then is something
practical. If the learned gentlemen
of the Supreme Bench could induce
the charitably inclined of the domi-
nant race to cooperate with the au-
thorities of this most excellent insti-
tution in providing accomodations
for greater numbers of the little ur-
chins between 2 and 10, who ought
to be in such a home, then the num-
ber of more maturer years who ap
pear before the judges to be sent to
Cheltenham, the jail or the peniten-
tiary wonld gradually decrease.
When we have sufficiently provided
for the waifs, bastards and deserted
children, and give them a new life,
we thereby render it increasingly dif-
ficult for the large stock of criminais
of maturer years.
QUESTION FOR THE SUPREME
BENCH.
Even such, a learned. justice as
Judge Kichie, is, now and then, puz-
zled with respect to the punishment
to be meted out to certain young
criminals of the colored race.
The truth is, the whole subject of
dealing with colored criminals has
received but little intelligent atten-
tlon and criticism on the part of our
city and state authorities and as a
result of this failure we are far from
getting the best returns to the com
munity in reformation and dimuni-
tion of criminal tendencies on the
part of the colored youth. Aside
from the institutions of the Roman.
Catholic Church, there are only two
places receiving neglected or crimi
ally disposed colored boys. The
Maryiand Home for Friendless Col-
ored Children receives boys from 2
to 10 years and the Cheltenham in-
stitution from 12 and uowards.
There are in the city of Baltimore
alone, leaving out the rest of the
state of Maryland. in the
neighborhood of one hundred thous
and colored persons. When one
considers the peculiar conditions
which surround the great majority
of colored persons, and the insidious
snares and temptations in the way
of the colored youth, the annual nor
mal percentage of youthful criminals
of the race would be sufficient to fill
over and again the institutions now
an existence. The entire capacity of
the Marvlanud Home is for only 30
children. Now it is v it is more than likely
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.