THE BOARDOF ESTIMATES AND NE-
GLECTED COLORED CHILDREN
The board of estimates of our city
government is composed of Mayor
Hayes, Comptroller J. H. Smith,
City Enginesr Fendell and Mr. Henry
Williams, president of the Second
Branch of the City Council. On last
Tuesday, in connection with the
Cheltenham appropriation matter,
the general subject of caring for ne-
glected and homeless colored children
was freely discussed, There was one
thing that was made absolutely
clear and unmistakeable, and that
was, that each and every one of this
Board were thoroughly, intelligent-
ly and keenly interested in the prop-
er care of all sorts and conditions of
the unfortunate or crimina l'y inclin-
ed of the colored youth. No intelli-
gent colored person could have been
present at the hearing and failed to
have been specially impressed with
the gracious, intelligent and kind
spirit which permeated the inquiry
with respect to the peculiarities of
the situation.
President Brackett of the Board of
Supervisors of City Charities was
present and, incidently, pointed out
one of the greatest needs of the city
in this direction.
It is a notorious fact that many
colored boys are sent either to jail
or committed to reformatory insti-
tutions, who ought not to be sent
to such places. But the question is
immediately asked, what shall we
do with them? The writer is con-
nected officially with at least three
institutions of a reformatory char-
acter, and has enjoyed splendid facil-
ities for ascertaining many of the
causes of moral delinquencies on the
part of colored children. We do not
hesitate to most heartily indorse the
idea of Dr. Brackett. The need is
not only immediate, but in properly
supplying such a need, if wisely con-
ducted, we shall contribute a great
deal towards minimising and reduc-
ing criminal tendencies among the
colored youth.
There is one point in connection
with the whole matter, which un-
fortunately, is not sufficiently ap-
preciated by those in authority, in
institucions already established for
the reformation of the colored youth.
Disregard of its prime importance
explains why our success has not
been much greater in the reformation
of colored youth. If we are not mis-
taken, for the most part, whether
Roman Catholic or otherwise, the
reformatory institutions are operat-
ed by those from a race of people
alien to the real and secretive life of
colored youth.
Hence, the members of one race are
trying to reform members of an-
other race,. and unable to get into
the inner life of this race and there-
by initiate at its very source any
abiding reform, they can only hope
to dress the patient, so to speak, up
from the outside, with the carnest
hope that it may do good.
We grant fully and freely that all
these persons of an alien race are
actuated by the highest and noblest
motive, that they are devotedly
yielding their best service. And yet
for all this the difficulty remains.
These unfortunate boys and girls are
capable of loving and being loved,
they have social natures just like the
rest of mankind; they have hopes
and fears; they have aspirations,
struggles and dejections. When they
go from such reformatories they
enter "colored society." Not in any
particularly social or limited sense,
but in the sense that they are asso-
ciatedin business, in church, and so-
cially intermingle with people of
their own color.
But little of their inner and real
life will touch the white part of so-
ciety. Now, from our point of view
the greatest need of reformatories,
for colored children, are teachers,
while in every other respect fully
qualified, yet unqualifiedly of the
same race as the pupils themselves.
It is simply idle to argue the ques-
tion whether properly qualified col-
ored teachers and instructors can
accomplish better results in a color-
ed reformatory than teachers of an-
other race in the same reforma-
tory.
The very fact that colored people
when left free to choose their own
pastors teachers and physicians, in-
variably select them from their own
race, is evidence most substantial.
In the present case it is so much the
more absolutely important for per-
manent results in reformation that
the teachers and instructors should
be of the same ráce,
In the case of schools, the pupils
are fairly moral and sufficiently in-
telligent to accept the educational
services of teachers of another race
although they preſer their own.
In the case of criminals, the very
fact that they are "in durance vile,"
and that, objectively, by the sentence
of court officers (white) rendersit
highly important that they should
be emancipated from their general
suspicion and distrust of all white
faces.
Certainly a man who is a Negro,
but despite his being a Negro he is
much of a perfect gentleman and of
general good qualities as to com-
mand the respect and esteem of the
white community, by reason of his
racial identity and his social active-
ity in and among the very people of
whom he as well as the criminal
youth are a part, could by all means
be made to touch effectively the in-
ner and real spot of life in that col-
ored boy's heart, securely barred for-
ever from one of alien blood.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.