then they are only Negroes! They
are not white boys. Is it strange
that the colored people generally
have always looked upon this insti-
tution with distrust; with being
more of a chamber of tortures, than
a House of Reformation?
How can the managers of this in-
stitution have the courage to stand
before the public in the garb of be-
nevolence and and philanthropy if
they fail to make it possible for
Maryland to use the best in the col-
ored man for the elevation of his un-
fortunate brethren?
The city of Baltimore and the
State of Maryland in return for the
money expended on this institution,
at the least, expect the highest pos-
sible reformation along moral lines,
so that when these boys again turn
the body politic they may be better
and not the worse for having been
sent to a House of Reformation. Al-
though a Honse of Reformation it is
just as possible to make that institu-
tion just as successful along certain
linesas Tuskegee. But in the midst
there must be the guiding and loving
heart of a Booker Washington to in-
vite and not repel. We do not know
of any investment that will pay the
city of Baltimore and state of Mary-
land, better returns, in industrious
and sober colored citizens, than to
see to ie, that this school has a Book-
er Washington and a body of well
qualified teachers and officers of the
race, who in morals, in mechanical
and agricultural training will dem-
onstrate what loving hearts can do
for their own unfortunate brethren
and consribute their united offering
towards lessening the criminal pro-
clivities of the racd,
BALTIMORE, MAY 17, 1902.
THE REFORMATORY FOR COLORED
BOYS.
Some few years ago, the widow of
the late Frederick Douglass visited
the House of Reformation for color-
ed boys, Cheltenham, Md. The re-
port of Mrs. Douglass was publish-
ed in England as well as in this coun-
try, and it revealed a shameful state
of affairs. Shortly afterwards, a
representative of the Afro-American-
Ledger visited the institution and
the results of his investigation were
published in these columns. One of
the most urgent needs then specified
and which exist to this day, was
and is a professional nurse for the
sick boys of that institution.
The
sick boys do not receive anything
like proper attention, and we do not
believe that a like condition of affairs
would be tolerated in a similar in-
stitution for white boys. Recently
a most capable colored woman was
in mind for such position, and she
was most eager to be permitted to
work among the boys of her own
race; villing to suffer and to put up
with discrimination and even un-
kind treatment, if only permitted to
to supply a genuine motherly feeling
for those black boys. Strange to
say, such an offer which should have
been seized with avidity, was turned
down, simply because the present
white teachers and officers working
in this Reformatory for Colored
Boys did not care to have a colored
woman on the place.
There can be no longer a doubt
with respect to the greatest pressing
need of that institution. White per-
sons teaching in a Reformatory for
colored boys who have such repul-
sive feelings towards an educated
and refined colored woman that they
cannot bear the idea of her presence
among them, as a co-laborer, to say
the least, are unfit for that work.
We fear that the Cheltenham Insti-
tution will never amount to any-
thing much until there are officers
and teachers there at work who are
iu sympathy with the boys they
would reform. Reformation comes
not from without, but from within.
The boys must be won by love and
kindness, and by means of such, help-
ed to overcome their special weak-
nesses. Only those persons ought to
be allowed to teach them who have
faith in them, and who are minded
to get as close as possible to them
so as to impart the true spirit of self
respect and honor.
As a matter of simple justice, it
should be stated that the majority
of the Trustees are not at all indis-
posed towards such a radical
change, and it is earnestly hoped
that this late unfortunate affair of
failure to secure a splendid colored
woman for such an important spliere
of üsefulness in that institution be-
cause of her color, will have the ef-
fect of hastening the day when an
able and well qualified faculty of col-
ored teachers and officers shall have
charge of that institution. In the
meantime the poor unfortunate col-
Cored boys suffer for want of proper
kindly and motherly treatment. But
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.