!
the function of a foot ball to the
great delight of his Anglo-Saxon
neighbors. But that the Negro is
growing weary of the job is evi-
denced on every hand by the noble
and inspiring efforts he is making in
every direction to deliver himself
from the toils in which he is en-
snared. Even the "cake walk" wit-
nesseth the avidity with which the
white man is characterized in using
the Negro as a means of money.
making and thus while used as a
foot-ball in this direction, at the
same time he earns a living by mak-
ing a monkey of himself for the de-
lectation of the white man who pro-
fits thereby. But the foot-ball bus-
iness does not stop here. In a very
peculiar and real way it is extended
into organized moral, religious and
philanthropic enterprises. Oftimes
reformatories, asylums, and chari-
ties of various kinds, ostensibly, in
the interest of the poor and unfortu-
nate of the race are primarily used
as a means of furnishing the oppor-
tunity for white persons to gain a
livelihood, thus constituting the Ne-
gro a foot-ball in this sphere of ac-
tivity.
We have a respectable number of
voters both in Baltimore City and
theState of Maryland, and yet so com
pletely has been our inanity and im-
potency that we have thus far failed
to make the influence of our suffrage
by such force as to secure a proper
concern and care for those of the
race who demand reformation,
treatment, charitable shelter, or ag-
ricultural and industrial training.
We are now on the eve of an election
and we shall have another election
in the fall for Governor and mem-
bers of the Legislature, and yet here
is Cheltenham Reformatory receiv-
ing both state and city support,
and far from being what it ought to
be, and we unable, with all our po-
litical power to secure such a man-
agement of that institution where-
by it will cease to be conducted, as
it seems to be, primarily as an op-
portunity to give employment to
persons of the opposite race. With
a large number, some two hundred
and hity thousand colored people in
the state of Maryland, and with
thousands of acres in the rural dis-
tricts that ought to be productive
and highly cultivated, we are unable
with all our voting strength to de-
mand such attention as would real-
ize an Agricultural and Industrial)
Institution, whereby many of the
youth of the race could be trained to
lives of usefulness in scientificknowl-
edge of agriculture and also in me-
chanical pursuits.
Inasmuch as we can hardly expect
to receive office to any extent it
would certainly seem both wise and
proper that we should exert what
little influence we may have in having
our unfortunate colored boys taught
and trained at Cheltenham by their
own race rather than by those who
are aliens to all that is good, noble
and inspiring in racial Iffe. It would
seem that care should also be given
'for the mechanical and agricultural
training of the youth of the race.
world
THE NEGRO AS A FOOTBALL
Whether in politics or In the w
at large, the Negro seems to fulfill
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.