EX-SENATOR WELLINGTON.
The Afro-American Ledger records
with extreme gratification and pleas-
ure the many courtesies and favors
bestowed on this office by Ex-Senator
Wellington. When Mr. Wellington
was active in politics he never called
in vain npon the colored voter. The
colored voters of Maryland always
gave him hearty support. In spite
of the fact that there is such a little
in results, accomplished by Mr. Wel-
lington during his carerer, for the
race, we prefer to believe, though we
may be mistaken, that at heart he
was really friendly disposed to our
struggling race.
In this conr ection we may be par-
doned for saying that so far as the
interests of the Negro are concerned
we have been sadly disappointed by
Senator McComas, and we do sin-
cerely trust that 'ere he makes his
exit from the Senate he will find it in
his heart to do something for the
Negro.
Ex-Senator Wellington has our
sincere wishes for peace, prosperity
and blessing. Before many years
roll around we hope to see him at
work in the party with his old time
enthusiasm, supported by the black
voters, as in days of yore when he
was State Chairman.
GEN. SHYROCK AS PRESIDENT OF
CHELTENHAM KEFORMATORY
We rejoice very greatly indeed over
the good news that Gen. Thomas J.
Shryock has been elected by the
Board of Managers of the House of
Reformation for Colored Boys, as
president of that corporation. We
are simply delighted at the selection
and sincerely wish that the General
will find it convenient to accept the
office. Possibly, there is no other
white Republican in the whole State
of Maryland who is more highly
esteemed by the colored race than
Gen. Shryock. He is one of a very
few genuine Lincoln Republicans in
this State who believes in giving the
black man a fair chance. The fact
that he is president of Cheltenham
Institution, will do more than any
one thing to generate confidence on
the part of the colored people in that
institution. If Thomas Shryock is
president, no one need have any fear
with respect to the management of
that institution, and the fair and
honest treatment of the colored boys
sent there. Let our leading men
write and urge the General that he
will not decline the honor, because
of his great business affairs.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.