CHELTENHAM AGAIN.
Some time ago we had occasion to call
attention to the treatment accorded to
the inmates of the so-called reformatory
at Cheltenham, in Prince Georges Co.
The matter came to the attention of the
State authorities, and at their solicta-
tion we sent a member of our staff down
there to investigate the conditions. We
were told that the cruelties that had
been formerly practiced there were done
away with and that a new regime had
been introduced. Since that time we
have heard nothing from the institu-
tion until now. In referring to an arti-
cle taken from a dispatch to the Even-
ing News, it will be seen that if the old
time practices were done away with
they have been renewed.
The dispatch states that a "wee color-
ed youth" was found on the streets of
Washington with not only a ball and
chain to his legs, but hand.cuffs on his
wrists. This shows that the ball and
chain, which we have called attention
to heretofore, has not been done away
with, notwithstanding the statements
made to the authorities.
This Cheltenham is a most degrading
institution, and is doing the young Ne-
groes of this State more harın, if such a
thing is possible, than the Baltimore
City Jail. And it would be'a mercy to
these boys to commit them to the jail
than to such an infernal hole as this
Cheltenham.
When we published Mrs. Douglass'
letter, the city authorities and the au-
thorities of Cheltenham were horrified
beyond measure, and expressed them-
selves so; and now it is shown that the
truth was told, notwithstanding their
strenuous denials. Of course when the
city authorities and the Grand Jury
visits that place everything is in good
order, but as soon as their backs are
turned the same old condition of affairs
are taken up again.
It is time that sach steps were taken
against this institution that will either
put it out of basiness or reform it al-
together. It can only be reformed ed by
turning the whole batch of keepers out
of the establishment altogether, They
are brutal and the boys of the institu-
tion have no reason to remember the
institution when they get cut of it.
save to curse the day they were incar-
cerated within its infamous walls.
The idea of putting handcuffs and a
ball and chain on such children as the
one mentioned is an ontrage, and the
society that has the care of this, institu-
on should be prosecuted to the full
extent of the law for cruelty to chil-
dren
It has been claimed by the authorities
of this institution that the boys cannot
be kept from running away unless they
are confined in some way, and the ball
and chain seems to be their cheadest and
best way: Now further down in the
same county is a reform school that is
worthy of the name "Reform." We
speak of the Hart Farm School. To this
school the worst boys that cau be found
in the District of Columbia are sent, and
after a few attempts to get away, which
many of them do. they find that it is
better to stay, as the treatment received
there is so different to what they ex-
pected. There boys are treated as if
they were human beings. They are
well fed and well taken care of, and in
the course of time good homes are fonud
for them and they get a good chance to
have a good start in life. There are
no brutal keepers, no whipping, no ball
and chain and no fences to keep the
boys from running away. The boy is
taught the value of good conduct, re-
ceive good treatment, and is taught to
believe that he is a human being. with
all that that implies, The result is that
the officials of the District have no hesi-
tancy in endorsing the good work that
is being done at the Hart Farm School
We wish that Cheltenham could be
brought under such influences. But
right here we will say that nothing can
be expected of this demoralizing so-call-
ed reformatory until the colored citi.
zens of this city shall raise up and take
the matter into their own hands and de-
mand at the hands of the properly qual-
ifed authorities better treatment for the
boys committed to this place or that it
be abolished entirely.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.