A TRIP TO CHELTENHAM.
Mayor Hayes and Other Notables
Visit the House of Reformation
Eor Colored Boys.
Last Saturday, Mayor Hayes, in
company with Mr. Joseph Janey, Mr.
Orin C. Painter, Rev. George F.
Bragg, Jr., directors on the part of
the institution; Mr. Harry S. Cum-
mings, one of the directors on the
part of the city and Mr. Hiram Wat-
ty, member of the City Council, paid
a visit to Cheltenham and thorough-
ly inspected that institution, The
Mayor expressed himself as being
much pleased with some of the things
he saw and was not sparing in his
condemnation of some other things
which he thought ought not to exist.
The company partook of dinner at
the institution and afthr dinner, the
Mayor addressed the boys in the
chapel. The Mayor will endeavor
to have the appropriation for the in-
stitution increased next year, as
their is great need of an increase, if
the institution i' to be brought up to
a proper standard.
Rev. Dr. W. V. Tunnell, warden of
King Hall Theological Seminary,
Washington; D: C., accompanied the
committee and also made an address
to the boys.
A Costly Thimble.
Think of it, a thimble which cost
$65,000 in American money! And think
of a husband who presents his wife
with such a gift! It belongs to the
queen of Siam.
Thimbles were not in use in Siam
until a comparatively recent date. The
king, seeing that English and Ameri-
can women visiting his court used
thimbles, had one made for his wife.
The thimble, is of gold, enriched with
precious stones. It is shaped like a
partially opened lotus flower, each
petal bearing the interlaced initials of
the sovereign and his wife in ame-
thysts. rubies, emeralds and topazes.
Around the rim of the thimble can be
read the date of the marriage of the
royal pair according to the Siamese
and European calendars, each number
and each, letter being of alternate dia-
monds and pearls.
Norway, Ireland and Spain have
more blind people in proportion to
population than any other European
countries. Spain has 216 per 100,000,
Norway 208 and Ireland 111.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.