things being equal, colored persons
can do more to uplift, reform and in-
spire their own people than can those
of an alien race, immune from the
inner life of a people, rendered so
much the more skeptical of the real
interest of white workers in them,
by reason of the systematic race per-
secution and oppression from with-
out.
If the white friends who have
charge of colored reformatories in
this State sincerely desire the refor-
mation of colored youth we cannot
understand why they should hesitate
to do that which seems instinctively
natural and normal.
We boldly make the assertion and
challenge contradiction, that the
best moral, material and intellectual
results attained on behalf of the Ne-
gro have been the fruits of Negro
leadership and culture. The greatest
Negro institution in this country
is monumental evidence of the same.
and it is freely admitted on every
hand that the Negro preacher is by
far the greatest factor in arousing
and reaching the moral life of the
race.
What is needed at Melvale as well
as at Cheltenham, is a master mind
of the Negro race, with a creative
and executive capacity. Easy enough
after this to fill out the faculty. And
this need is of prime importance both
to the city and state, expending
thousands of dollars each year for
the best moral betterment of the Ne-
gro race.
The best brain and heart of the
race ought to be employed in serv-
ing their city and state by drawing
out to the fullest extent, the capaci-
ties and powers of their own unfor-
tunate brethren.
THE REBELLION AT MELVALE
A few days ago the daily papers
gave an interesting acconnt of a very
painful occurrance in connection
with the Industrial Home for Col-
ored Girls, at Melvale, Baltimore
County. With respect to the merits
or demerits of the uprising in rebel-
lion of the colored girls of that in-
stitution we are not now chiefly con
cerned. Rebellion isa sin. And cer-
tainly it is to be sincerely regretted.
We must invariably take our stand
on the side of law and order.
But the very fact of rebellion brings
prominently to view an nnwise and
injudicious provision dominating all
similar institutions in this state for
the reformation of incorrigible col-
ored persons. We are free to confess
that we have but little if any hope
for permanent usefulness of such in-
stitutions as long as the present pol-
icy in this respect obtains. Let it be
understood, in the first place that we
do not call in question the sincere
purpose and benevolent intentions
of those who rule and manage these
institutions. But we have to do with
certain conditions, which as long as
they remain must be seriously taken
into consideration.
In the social life of the two races
there is conspicuous absence of any
unifying point. The colored people
have their own separate schools,
churches and other organizations.
They are absolutely separated and
distinct from social fellowship with
their white neighbors. Incorrigible
colored boys or girls experience this
accentuated separated social order
with even more keenness than the
more favored of the race. They are
arrested by white police officers; they
are sentenced to reformatories by
white judges or police justices; and
finally, in these reformatories they
are remitted to the custody of white
teachers and keepers. Deprived of
their freedom and held practically as
prisoners by members of the white
race, the effort for any sincere and
real reformatory work is handicapp-
ed from the start by an impossible
approach to the inner life and sym-
pathy of prisoners and their keepers.
By certain means the appearance of
submission is maintained, and a
seeming outward reformation at-
tained, although the citadel of affec-
tions, and the hidden springs of mo-
tive are securely barred from those
who have no genuine racial affinity
and sympathy with those they seek
to reform. Under such circumstances
the wonder is we do not have more
instances of revolution and rebellion.
It is far from a question of places
for talented colored men and women,
but rather whether or not the State
and city, supplying the means for
the defense of society by the reforma-
tion of the criminally disposed,
should not have the most efficient
and best equipped for this most dit-
sficult but most necessary work,
It ought to be conceded, without
one word of argument, that all
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.