given a bath and clean under clothe,
and supplied with two suits of the
regulation uniform, one for daily
use, the other for Sunday and spec-
ial occasions such as general inspec-
tion, is required every Sunday
morning during good weather, com-
pany drill and parade. The change
from a filthy condition to that of
cleanliness makes them realize that
they are and will be benefitted by
coming to this institution. They
are closely questioned to determine
their mental and moral calibre,
their general temperament which
governs their treatment, and their
inclination to work which regulate
their assignment. They are under
the care of an officer at all times
and must be looked after carefully,
restrained or encouraged as may be
necessary. Bad habits of the past
must be discarded and a new
course started. The individuality
of each inmate must necessrily be
considered in order to wisely ad-
minister such discipline as will ob-
tain the desired results."
In the brief extract which we
shall now quote, Mr. Pyles shows
himself infinitely more sympathet-
ic and human than do some of the
Negro mothers at whom the blast is
unquestionably aimed. The people
of our race will do well to serious-
ly ponder such wise and wholesome
words. Mr. Pyles says:
"This is not an orphanage or a
refuse into which heartless and un-
faithful parents may send their
children. To send such children
who simply need care, kindenss and
training is a great wrong-a flag-
rant abuse of the hospitality and
benevolence of the State."
And, yet, there is such a thing
as a comparatively young woman
desiring to re-marry, and to have a
"good time," by being freed from
the care and rearing of her own
child, ready and anxious to make
oath to a wicked lie, and murder the
moral and intellectual life of her
own child by having him sent to
such an institution!
Our constant regret is, that such
few of our better class of colored
citizens have ever visited this insti-
tution, which, in most respects is
more like a great industrial school,
along military lines, than a House
of Reformation. The Rev. Dr.
Gaines, who made his first visit last
year, was so exeecdingly pleased
A WHITE MAN WHO IS A FRIEND that he almost determined to com-
IN DEED
There is a white man, in this
state, not a politician, but a plain
country man, who is doing as much
as any other one man in this state
for the highest and best welfare of
the Negroes of the commnwealth.
We refer to Mr. John B. Pyles, the
superintendent of the House of Ref-
romation for Colored Boys. The
present writer has been associated
with Mr. Pyles for more than ten
years, and, hence, we speak from
deliberate personal knowledge and
contact. There is no institution in
this state serving the interests of
our people which is more entitled
to the confidence and warm support
of the race than the House of Ref-
ormation, located at Cheltenham,
Md.
It is wholly unnecessary for us to
dwell upon the personality of Mr.
Pyles. Sufficient to say, that both
the superintendent and his wife are
just as gracious, considerate and
kind in this work as could be ex-
pected of any sincerely Christian
man and wife. It has always been
a sincere and genuine pleasure for
us to meet and greet the superin-
tendent and his devoted wife upon
every occasion when we visit the in-
stitution. But from the handscime
and most artistic biennial report of
the institution we desire to give a
few extracts which will be of spec
ial interest to our readers. In an
swering the question "what good
is being accomplished?" Superin-
tendent Pyles among other things
says:
"Those who manifest an interest
in reformatory work and conse-
quently in the future welfare of the
degraded, dishonest, vicious or un-
fortunate youths who are committed
to this and various institutions
frequently ask the question what
good is being accomplished; are the
inmates better at the time they are
paroled or discharged than when
they are received; has the com-
munity received an equivalent for
the expense necessary for their sup-
port. After being officially connec-
ted with this institution its var-
ious branches, and as superinten-
dent, I am prepared to say that the
city and state have been well re-
imbursed for the efforts put forth
in appropriating to this reforma-
tory. It has been the means of
taking from the city and the coun-
ties hundreds of vicious and incor-
rigible boys who were being edu-
cated in crime through their daily
intercourse in the low haunts of in-
iquity by which many of them were
surrounded, dishonest and degrad-
ing habits being the desire of their
hearts to this institution a general
history of their past lives is record-
ed, with the offences for which they
Bre committed. Their unwhole-
tome suits are discarded; they are
mit some act whereby he might be
permanently committed.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.