f.
“THE OLD ORDER CHANGETH"
Everybody who remembers the great big country dinners
enjoyed when a boy longs to get back to the far min these
ys. Nevertheless, the farmer is not altogether immune to
e pamphlets of the Food Administration, and like the city
Ik, he is admonished to observe his meatless, wheatless and
tless days to win the war.
oon
Recently Prof. George W.Carver, of th eTuskegee Ex-
cment Station, called the attention of the farmers at the
Annual Tuskegee Conference to new ways of saving food.
Saril Carver showed that there are "40 ways to use the cow
hes 106 ways to use th epeanut, 43 ways to use the wild
scita and more than 75 ways to use the sweet potato." Fol-
bling Tuskegee directions, it was said, a balance ration with
leole variety and nutrition could be secured from the sweet
Cato and peanut alone. By saving flour and meat and us-
or these products, Prof. Carver explained colored farmers
hurc
es
on
Lof
e
I save money as well as food.
ing It will take time even in the South, to get accustomed to
sweet potato meal substitute for corn and wheat flour
arto relish boiled, fried, stewed and baked peanuts, while
n same time giving up coffee for a substitute made from
Remembrances of the old roasting ears, ham, corn
H
by
and real butter are likely to make even a patriotic
her fall from grace and pinch a little off from the Allies
plies. One visitor at the conference remarked "they will
e us eating acorns after a while." It looks very much as
Tuskegee were sterring in that direction. Yet at the rapid
lu ease in cost of grain and vegetables, no one would be in-
aled to protest against good wholesome bread made from
afrn flour.
ec
ly
se
ir
WHAT THE THIRD DEGREE WAS LIKE
in John Sverden, who was convicted on circumstantial evi-
bal of the murder of the Brandon woman at Annapolis,
of past week, testified that he went through a gruelling
Rege
Degree" at the hands of the local Marshal of Police,
itely after his arrest, when he was brought to this
rsafe keeping.
at
thowden testified that (1) he was forced to drink a pint
Miskey; (2) that he was forced to sit on the edge of a
at a table, so that when the chair was suddenly pulled
under him he struck the point of his chin against the
edge in falling; (3) that a loade dgun was placed be-
his ear and he was told to confess or die.
int the time Snowden was going thru these torments,
erin en removed from the Central Station to Marshal
president He was altogether without counsel and un-
This rights. Friends secured an attorney, and, it is
made an effort to get to see the Marshal and thru
see Snowden. They were held off by temporizings
puses until finally, in violation of the law, permission to
TE
ch
owden was refused.
Tf course, the local police deny that they treated their
der brutally. If necessary, they would deny, too, that
Pefused permission to allow Snowden to be seen by an
ar
brney.
The remarkable things about it all are that Snowden told
asaight-forward story, and that the State's Attorney put it
rt the jury to "make Annapolis safe for white women" and
to punish him because he is guilty.
a
GENERAL SHRYOCK
tsin the death of General Thomas J. Shryock, for more
33 years Grand Master of the Masonic order in the State
Aaryland, the city of Baltimore and the State loses not
eone of its best and most distinguished citizens-a man
fied with many interests and enterprises that have their
making our city and state what they are, but the col-
people sustain the loss of a true and loyal friend ever
As
ey to do his bit for their uplift and advancement.
Fident of the board of directors of the House of Reforma-
el for Colored Boys at Cheltenham, Md., he rendered our
eple an invaluable service. Believing in the susceptibility
possibilities of the boys, and that under proper care and
mining they could be fitted for true an duseful citizenship,
was ever ready to put forth his best efforts to secure for
institution in the way of equipment, etc., that which would
So the inmates comfort and advantage. The loss of such
bestond of the race, at a time when every friend is so greatly
other ; such an one as he, in the long years of useful ser-
and as proved himself to be, can ill be spared by us.
es
ong th
. Dầm
Mr
Ca
COOPERATION IN METHODISM.
Approaching joint meeting of the bishops and general
of the several colored Methodist denominations of this
ntry to be held in Louisville, Ky., nex tweek, to consider
as for more general cooperation, will be one of great in-
and importance. There is undoubtedly room for the
s opinions held by representatices of the several church-
cerned in this question. That there are many advan-
and benefits to be had in cooperation, is not to be ques-
eas How much is to be gained by such a cooperation is
pointed out most clearly by its advocates, before it can
cted that the great mass of the constituents of these
al denominations will give their hearty approval to the
ension of the proposition.
Each of bur Methodist denominations have long felt and
that it has a special mission in the world, and es-
to the colored people in America. This feeling and
how
this wethink, will have to be given up by, at least some of
wnat
Each act
more general cooperation willl come.