DEATH COMES TO
HARRY S. CUMMINGS
Succumbs After Illness Of More Than A Year. His
Condition Became Serious A Few Days Ago
And Death Was Not Unexpected.
HAD INTERESTING CAREER
Was Oldest Member Of State Bar In Point Of Service
Seconded Nomination Of Theodore Roosevelt.
Harry Smythe Cummings, senior
member of the First Branch City
Council in point of service, and long
a prominent figure in the councils of
the Republican party, died late Thurs-
day night at his home, 1318 Drufd Hilf
avenue A complication of diseases
caused his death..
He had been in ill health for about
two years, and was forced to miss
many sessions of the City Council. He
practically gave up his law practice
many months ago.
Accompanied by his sister, Miss Ida
R. Cummings, he went to Harpers
Ferry, W. Va., last month, in the hope
of benefitting his health. He return
ed a little over two weeks ago, appar-
ently benefitted. He was seen on the
streets, and many friends congratula-
ted him on his apparent change for
the better and wished him ultimate
recovery.
He went out to Roland
Park to stay, nearly two weeks ago,
and was stricken there on Wednesday
of last week. He was brought to his
home and remained in a state of
coma until the end. He began to sink
Thursday morning, and relatives and
a large host of friends anxiously await
ed news of his condition.
DEATH CAUSES REGRET.
All over the city, people in every
walk of life expressed regret at his
death. In the downtown section,
where he was well known to promi-
nent business and professional men.
FIRST COLORED COUNCILMAN
The Democratic Legislature in 1890
gerrymanded the city, placing a ma-
jority of colored voters in the old
Eleventh ward. Rev. William H.
Weaver and other leaders, seeing the
opportunity of electing a colored man,
advised Mr. Cummings to enter the
fight. He did and won.
He was re-
elected in 1891, but was defeated the
following year. Thus for a time was
lost the services of the first colored
man to fill an elective office in this
state. During the first year he was
in the City Council he appointed Har-
ry T. Pratt to a scholarship in the
Maryland Institute. He went with
the late Ferdinand C. Latrobe, then
mayor, on a municipal junketing par-
ty to Boston, Mass., anddelivered what
is said to have been the best speech
delivered by a Marylander at the ban-
quet given in that city in honor of the
visitors. Coming back from Boston
on the train, he secured from Mayor
Latrobe a proníise to favor the open-
ing of a manual training school for
colored boys. The City Council pass-
ed the act authorizing the same and
the school was opened just twenty-
five years ago.
At every commencement of the
school, before it was merged into the
High School, Mr. Cummings deliver-
ed the address presenting the medal
for steam engineering, offered by the
principal of the school, the late Will-
iam R. Ryan.
HARRY S. CUMMINGS.
many tributes were heard. This was
especially true around the Courthouse
and City Hall, where everybody knew
him.
IN "STAY-AT-HOME" FIGHT
Mr. Cummings was active in the
"Stay-at-Home" movement, when in-
action on the part of 9,000 colored
voters caused the defeat of William
T. Malster and the reelection of Mayor
Latrobe, Democrat.
Mr. Cummings attended the public
schools of this city, and there being
no high school for colored boys and
girls here in those days, his parents. Mr. Cummings returned to the City
decided to send him to Lincoln Uni- Council in 1897. succceding the late
versity, Oxford, Pa. He entered the J. Marcus Cargill, who had represent-
preparatory class or that institution ed the ward for the previous
in 1881. He was brought under the years.
two
tutelage of the late President Isaac. The Legislature in 1898 added two
N. Rendall and other finely equipped more wards to the city, and a redis-
and high-minded instructors, thereby tricting took place and Mr. Cummings
making rapid progress. He was grad- found himself in the present Eleventh
uated in 1886, receiving the degree of ward, where the majority of the vo-
bachelor of arts. Among his class- ters are white.
mates were a number of men who The late Hiram Watty was elected
rose fo prominence. These men in- from the present Seventeenth Ward
cluded: Dr. William T. Carr. Jr., of in 1899, serving until 1905 when
this city; Rev. Daniel G. Hill, of Ca-
tonsville, Md.; Rev. J. Milton Wal-
dron, of Washington; Dr. George C.
Hall, of Chicago: Rev. I. W. Round the 17th ward, was elected again in
1907 also in 1911 and 1915.
enough colored voters stayed away
from the polls to elect a Democrat.
Mr. Cummings, who had moved into
He had
tree, of Trenton, N. J., and. Harry W.
Bass, who served a term as a member nearly two more years to serve. and
of the Pennsylvania, being the only as the City Council is Democratic. it
colored man ever elected thereto. Mr. is likely that a Democrat will be chos-
Bass died last June while serving as en to succeed him.
assistant city solicitor of Philadelphia. The late Mayor Mayes appointed
ADMITTED TO THE BAR
him a city member of the Board of
Managers at Cheltenham, and he held
Mr. Cummings entered the law that position at the time of his death.
school of the University of Maryland He was a member of the Odd Fellows,
in 1887, graduating in 1889. He and serving as attorney general of the Or-
the late Charles W. Johnsor, who was der from 1911 to 1915.
an honor man in the class, were the SECONDED ROOSEVELT'S NOMI-
NATION
Conly colored men ever graduated from
the law school. He was admitted to Mr. Cummings was a delegate to
the bar immediately after his gradu- many Republican state an city con-
ation, and at the time of his death ventions. He also represented the
was the oldest colored lawyer in the Fourth Congressional District at two
state in point of continuous practice. Republican National Conventions. At
Egerett J. Waring, the first colored the Chicago convention, 1904, when
man admitted to practice law in Theodore Roosevelt was nominated for
Maryland, died in Philadelphia, two
the presidency, he delivered a second-
ingspeech that was given wide publi-
city.
years ago.
Being a ready speaker, he evinced
aliking for politics, and was heard When Maryland was to vote for the
Den the hustings speaking for the Re-
Epublican party, which was then in the
first time, in 1905, on a disfranchising
amendment, the late Dr. BookerT
Continusson Pago Four.
DEATH COMES TO
HARRY S.CUMMINGS
Continued From Page One.
Washington sent for him to come to
New York and tell what he (Dr.
Washington) could do in saving the
franchise to the colored people of
Maryland. Mr. Cummings told the
educator that bringing in colored
speakers from outside the state would
prejudice the cause of the colored
people. Mr. Washington then gave a
generous check which made possible
the distribution of anti- disfranchise-
ment literature.
Mr. Cummings was an ardent sup-
porter of the leadership of William F.
Stone. He was also highl regarded
by every mayor the city has had in
nearly thirty years.
Mr. Cummings was married in 1899
to Miss Blanch Conklin and from this
union there are two children, Harry
S. Jr., and Louise Virginia. Besides
these he is survived by two sisters,
Miss Ida R. Cummings and Mrs. Jos-
eph S. Fennell; and three brothers,
Rev. Charles, Aaron and William H.
Cummings.
The funeral will be held from the
Metropolitan
Methodist Episcopal
Church, Orchard street, on Monday
afternoon at 2 o'clock.
|