Maryland Home in Need
of Soap and Bath.
Vist to Home sor Friendless Children Discloses
Fact That Force of Workers is Not Ade-
quate to Keep Up Institution. A
Larger Appropriation Needed
Unless the Board of Managers of There is no way for the boys to
the Maryland Home for Friendless learn cleanliness and care of their
Colored Children do more than individual clothing, for the report-
they are at present, it would seem er says but two bathtubs, above
best for that institution that the one of them hooks for washcloths
work be turned over to others. and towels in a long line, and in
one end of a room with a dozen or
more cots, shelves for the chil-
dren's clothes.
A representative of the Afro-
American paid a short visit to the
Home just outside of Catonsville
last week, and took a cursory view
of the home, its inmates and
workers, and a part of the 32 acre
tract..
The part of the tract of land in
front of the Home is well laid out
in an orchard, and between the
trees, a splendid variety of garden
crops. The superintendent stated
that this farming is done by him-
self with the assistance of the boys,
whose ages range from ten to fif-
teen. A mule, two cows, a calf,
and two pigs make up the live
stock of the place.
Known as the one institution for
colored children that stands be-
tween the Juvenile Court and
Cheltenham, the Maryland Home
has a definite part to play in the
social reform work of the city and
state. It takes boys who are tru-
ants, convicted of petty crimes
except theft, and aims to give them
a start of one or two years until
their parents can care for them
again, or until some other kind Goins, assistant matron, and a
family will offer to rear them cook. There is no regular laun-
properly. Under this arrange-dress, except a woman who gives
ment boys spend only from one part time, and no machinery for
sixth to one eighth of the time they doing the laundry work of the
would be kept in a Reformatory.
While the value of such a Home
canhardly be estimated in the
state, on the other hand, evidence
apparent to the Afro man on every
hand showed that there is amoe-
ful lack of money to carry on the
work.
HOME A DWELLING
!
Assisting Mr. Livingstone in his
duties as superintendent, manager,
farmer and teacher of the 40 boys,
are hs wife, the matron, Mrs.
numerous inmates. There are no
facilities for teaching the boys
trades or any other kind of useful
occupation.
Despite this fact the youngsters
themselves appear healthy and in
good spirits, and according to the
superintendent, the Home did not
have a single case of the Flu dur-
ing the epidemic last winter.
What the institution needs ap-
parently most of all is an appro-
First of all the Home itself, a
three story brick building which
was formerly used as a family resi-
dence. The kitchen is approxi-priation from the city and a larger
mately nine by twelve feet, and appropriation from the state, said
also serves as the laundry. A last year to ave been $500. There
small dining room and chapel is every evidence that the small
combined, and a slightly larger group of workers under Mr. L.iv-
class room make up the ground
floor. The upper floors serve as
the sleeping rooms for the forty
boys, and the five caretakers. Rev.
Mr. Livingston, the superintendent plot in an attractive way, or to
estimated that the Home afforded keep clean 40 boys, at the same
35 single cots, and added that it time teaching them something
was necessary to have the smaller that will be of use to them in later
boys sleep together.
ingstone are doing their utmost
with the boys, under the present
lack of funds, yet their efforts are
not enough to keep up a 32 acre
life.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.