ANOTHER COMPLAINT ABOUT CHELTENHAM
Jesse Island Says House Of Reformation Is Run By A
Lot Of Ex-bartenders And Sons Of Slave-drivers
1. To the Editor:
¡months added to their time
My nephew tells me the boys What right has any farmer who
1-learn how to chew, sinoke and who hires hoys to cuff and heat
gamble while working in the farms them?
a. boy
as where they are hired out to work. My nephew tells me a. faithful and
One boy killed another boy at For- named Margret.
.restville and one got killed while trust boy for
Ly
years because of
the overseers were gambling in the complain about a flash light bulb
asitting room and in the main build- received 100 lashes. He said ho
ing last winter, but they keep it would tell the grand juries about
חי
the gambling.
The superintend
m from the papers.
The boys look dirty and very ent sat in his revolving ngchair chair
Washington
р-
dragged and worn out only Sunday smoking while Lem Wa and some gamblers put on the
ne
they get a wash and look decent.
They say
On the Fourth of July only a few lashes.
in boys were left at the school. All were terrible to hear
X-
ut
Lis
his screams
nput
them
the other were sent out. The flag shackles on him and two of th
was put on the pole for a sham, ex-bartenders then threw him
then the Superintendent lay on his the cellar.
couch from three to five hours, But what can you expect of ex
with one of the boys to fan hini, bartenders.
Fine reformation
Moving the lawpa
212 one boy to put the records on the make the place look nice.
graphaphone to lull him to sleep the rest.
Ledaily.
W
estate.
7
Dam
A gentlemon at Brandywiner
there they
Now I think a superintendent tells me when he was th
should be able to go about the had to teach the boys the three
hy school and know what is going on R's and good manners. Now it's
chand earn his two hundred dollars the auction block to sell boys to
he a month with feed for two breed- farmers for the dollar. In the
lly ing mares and mules and not lay county they cuss, chew, smoke
alon a parlor couch and sit in the and gamble and murder. Some
u- office smoking, can't go up and farmers hold them for weeks until
down the steps unless someone they stink with dirt all for the
helps him, too much joy riding in dollar.
automobiles and interest in real What the school wants is a live
intelligent and institutional man
Now what do the managers in at the head and a good assistant,
nd truckdrivers
se the county care for the nigger, as not ex-bartenders and
they call them but to work their and joy riders. Good teachers
farms. They have smoking signs with some sympathy, not boozer
"all over the institution, but that and gamblers or bartenders who
ll does not matter, it's one of the can't handle boys without the
ad. shows because all smoke in the blackjack or club and not family
it price of the boys and cuss
congestions. Someone wat the
Is there any
Blow
any wonder 80 só mang hend, who doesn't care for e
nữ boys rìu âway even if they know but knows how to reform bo
hy they might get from 50 to 100 and not work them from twelv
it lishes when caught, one month on to sixteen hours
JAMES IRELAN
bread an water, two or three