THE AFRO-AMERICAN
A Champion of Civic Welfare and the Square Deal
Published every Friday in the Afro-American Building, 628 N. Eutaw
street, Baltimore, Md., by the AFRO-AMERICAN COMPANY.
JOHN H. MURPHY, Editor and Publisher, 1896 το 1922
CARI. MURPHY, Tresident
D. ARNETT MURPHY, Treasurer
Subscription rates: $2.00 per year, $1.25 for six months, 75 cents for
three months (payable in advance). Foreign Advertising Representative:
W. B. Zifi Company, 608 Dearborn street, Chicago; 321 Victor Building, 1
St. Louis: 404 Moton Building, New York.
education.
Member Associated Negro .Press
"Independent In All Things; Neutral In Nothing"
'Phone: Vernon 6016-6017
What The "AFRO" Stands For
L
1
i
1. Colored policemen, policewomen and firemen.
Colored representatives on city, county and State board of
Paral salaries for equal work for school teachers without regard!
4. Colored members on board of State institutions where inmates t
are colori
5. The organization of labor unions among all groups of colored
workers.
to color or
1
t
A university and agricultural college for colored people sup-
ported by the State.
Closer co-operation between farmers and the State and Federalir
farm agents.
A special Florida grand jury was unable to find any
participants in a recent riot in which eight persons were
killed. Nobody who knows Florida expected them to.
Another Side of "Mammy"
There is another side of the "Mammy Monument" con-
troversy that has escaped attention.
a
C
F
L
1
می
(
1
1
1
7
Englishmen nearly rejected a statue of Lincoln because
some Americans regarded it as a poor likeness of the
Emancipator. France is in the act of changing a statuei
representing an American soldier shaking hands with a
French soldier because the sculptor, contrary to Ameri
can custom. but in keeping with the custom of France
portrays both figures with hands encased in gloves.
Southerners are usually famous for their fine breeding
and good manners. If the Mammy Monument is erect
ed in Washington over the objection of many colored
people. the Daughters of the Confederacy will have!
violated all Southern traditions.
The Industrial Survey
If the Baltimore Interracial Conference did nothing
else worth while during the past year, its splendid work
in giving the city a survey of the industrial situation as it
affects Negroes will stand as a significant achievement.
What is the status of the colored worker in industry in
Baltimore? How many are there? Of what sex are
they? What kind of employment can they secure? From
what kind are they barred and why? How do they live?
What rental do they pay? How do they educate their
children? What kind of citizens do they make?
Answers to these and a hundred other questions for
which there has been no scientific answer in the past
can be found for the first time in the report of the Con-
ference's survey. Steps to better the industrial situation
of the colored worker in the city have heretofore been
steps in the dark. For the first time there is light and
for it the Interracial Conference deserves the heartiest
congratulations.
We're Used to Fighting
Speaking at the dedication of the Government's new
$2.000.000 hospital for War Veterans at Tuskegee last
week. Vice-President Coolidge recalled the fact that
400,000 Negroes took part in the world war and 57 re-
ceived U. S. decorations while hundreds received French
Decorations.
try.
It ought to be noted for the Vice-President's benefit
that the American Negro is used to fighting for his coun-
Negroes fought in the French and Indian Wars
helped Washington lick the British in the Revolution and
again in 1812 rallied to the flag. In the war against
Mexico. Spain, and the Confederacy, thousands answered
the call of Uncle Sam.
To go back 3200 years, the immense treasures and war
materials recovered from the tomb of Tutankhamen
last week in Egypt is a gentle reminder that a black king
and his black boys were fighting before there were many
white folks worth fighting against.
The House of Correction
Like Banquo's ghost that will not down, complaints
against the system of committing boys to Cheltenham and
their treatment while there form a regular part of the
news of the day.
More recently it was left to a Judge of the Criminal
Court to flay the procedure by which it is possible to com-
mit a boy to Cheltenham until he is 21 years of age for
some slight offense, while a man who committed the same
offense would draw a sentence of 60 or 90 days in the
House of Correction. It is pointed out in this connection
that it is possible to commit white boys to similar insti-
tutions in the State for as short a period as desirable, and
that the Federal Courts also commit colored boys to
Cheltenham for short periods. Only the State courts
cannot impose the short sentence.
As to treatment of prisoners at Cheltenham, the poor
food. the hard work, the lack of any useful educational
system and the convict plan of leasing boys to work on
adjoining farms for long hours, forms a most disgraceful
chapter in the history of the State.
Two colored members are on the Board of Managers
of Cheltenham. No part of the criticism appears to have
touched them sufficiently to make a public statement. Is
their silence an evidence of their satisfaction with condi-
tions at Cheltenham?
FREDERICK DOUGLASS
Written especially for the AFRO
By EVA A. JESSYE
Dare not to call him 'slave'
Burst from the bars and pleaded Freedom's cause
Dare not to call him 'slave' whose noble mind
Contemptuous of the angered horde that strove
To keep him vasseled to its braggart will
But rather say "a servant for a time-
Without a master or a free man bound."
For they are free who strain against the leash.
While they who meekly cringe are seris indeed
And sink into the slough about their feet!
An eaglet hovered by an alien brood-
So fiercely proud, so proudly discontent.
And scourged and driven by relentless urge
To better things, He knew not whence nor how
The longing came, and quietly, unseen,
Were growing wings of knowledge and resolve:-
Until one day from out the troubled skies
He heard the summons of his kingly race,
And ere his baffled captors were aware,
He spread his wings and mounted to the sun!
1
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.