CHELTENHAM OFFICERS Colonel Hill To
INVITED BY PASTORS
Open Campaign
Robert Roberts, president of the
board of managers of Cheltenham,
and Secretary Janney of the same that his campaign for the Senate
institution were urged by a commit- will open two weeks from today in
tee from the A. M. E. Preachers' the Broadway Market Hall, Broad-
Mesting to appear before that body way and Fleet streets.
next Monday at 11 o'clock and ex- Speakers announced will be Sen-
plain the operation of the House ator Joseph I. France, Thomas Par-
of Reformation for Colored Boys, ran, Marion A. Humphreys, William
located in Prince Georges County. F. Broening and Col. Hill.
At a meeting of the ministers Attacking the record of ex-Sena.-
Monday at Bethel Church, refer tor Weller, Col. Hill said this week,
ence was made to the repeated re- since Mr. Weller took office he has
ports of the mismanagement of the been absent or not voting 55.1 per
institution and a motion prevailed cent of the quorum calls and yea
to invite the Cheltenham officials and nay votes.
before the pastors so that first hand more than one half of the time.
information might be obtained. the five years of his incumbency.
The committee of pastors delegat- Senator Weller has made but two
ed which called at the offices of committee reports.
Secretary Janney this week was tered one word to the Senate in ad-
Dr. C. H. Stepteau, Dr. M. H. Davis, vocacy of a good bill or in opposi-
and Dr. W. H. Thomas.
tion to a bad one.
Letters sent out from the office
He has been absent
In
He has not ut-
WASHINGTONIANS HERE
Garnet Wilkerson, assistant sup-
erintendent of public schools in
Washington, John Nalle, Clarence
Lewis, Charles M. Thomas, Robert
Mattingly, Dr. Henry H. Bailey, El-
win B. Henderson, John Bruce, Dr.
M. Cardoza, F. E. Parks, Mr. and
Mrs. Clarence Lucas, were among
the Washington School teachers and
officials who accompanied Superin-
tendent Frank Ballou to this city
last Friday night when he address-
ed the Schoolmasters' Club at Dou-
glass high school.
Truck Driver Sentenced
TOWSON, MD.-Philip Dorsey
was convicted of manslaughter by
Judge Duncan in County Court last
week.
Dorsey's truck, poorly lighted,
driving on the wrong side of the
road, struck and killed Edgar
Cooper and Joseph Hendrix, both
white, November 15th last.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.