DAY BY DAY
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1939.
When Young
Hearts Prove Real
Much is made of love at first sight, but how often does it prove real? In the case of Miss Mary Jane Smith, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Smith, of 2000 North Charles street, and Mr. William Henry Jones, son of Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Jones, of 1000 West Baltimore street, it proved to be a real thing.
They met at a dance in 1937, and it was love at first sight with both of them. They were married last week.
“I never thought such a thing could happen,” said the bride’s mother. “But it did.”
The young couple will make their home in Baltimore.
* * *
“I don’t know,” said Mrs. J. H. Brown, of 2000 North Charles street, “why people are so interested in the fact that I am going to have a baby. I have had five already, and I don’t see why this one should cause so much excitement.”
Mrs. Brown is expecting a baby in November.
* * *
“I don’t see why people are so interested in the fact that I am going to have a baby,” said Mrs. J. H. Brown, of 2000 North Charles street. “I have had five already, and I don’t see why this one should cause so much excitement.”
Mrs. Brown is expecting a baby in November.
* * *
Why Eats Our
Watermelons?
The moth is a menace to the watermelon crop. It lays its eggs on the vines, and the larvae eat the melons.
The moth is a native of South America, and it was first discovered in this country in 1916. It has spread rapidly since then, and it is now found in all parts of the United States.
The moth is a serious pest, and it is difficult to control. The best way to control it is to destroy the vines after the melons have been harvested.
The moth is a small, brown insect with a wingspread of about one inch. The larvae are white, with brown heads. They are about one-half inch long when fully grown.
The moth is a serious pest, and it is difficult to control. The best way to control it is to destroy the vines after the melons have been harvested.
* * *
Baltimore People
Answer Honest
If you ask a North Carolinian what he thinks of Baltimore, he will probably tell you that it is a dirty, smoky city. But if you ask a Baltimorean what he thinks of Baltimore, he will probably tell you that it is the best city in the world.
The truth is, Baltimore is a city of contrasts. It is a city of great wealth and great poverty. It is a city of great beauty and great ugliness. It is a city of great culture and great ignorance.
But Baltimore is also a city of great charm. It is a city of friendly people. It is a city of great traditions. It is a city that is proud of its past and confident of its future.
Baltimore is a city that is worth knowing. It is a city that is worth loving.
And so, if you ask a North Carolinian what he thinks of Baltimore, he will probably tell you that it is a dirty, smoky city. But if you ask a Baltimorean what he thinks of Baltimore, he will probably tell you that it is the best city in the world.
Much worse is a war between nations than a war between individuals. In the latter case, only a few people are killed, but in the former case, millions of people are killed.
In the latter case, only a few people are made miserable, but in the former case, millions of people are made miserable.
In the latter case, only a few people are impoverished, but in the former case, millions of people are impoverished.
In the latter case, only a few people are made homeless, but in the former case, millions of people are made homeless.
In the latter case, only a few people are made orphans, but in the former case, millions of people are made orphans.
In the latter case, only a few people are made widows, but in the former case, millions of people are made widows.
In the latter case, only a few people are made cripples, but in the former case, millions of people are made cripples.
In the latter case, only a few people are made insane, but in the former case, millions of people are made insane.
In the latter case, only a few people are made criminals, but in the former case, millions of people are made criminals.
In the latter case, only a few people are made paupers, but in the former case, millions of people are made paupers.
In the latter case, only a few people are made suicides, but in the former case, millions of people are made suicides.
* * *
Watching Our Birth
And Death Rates
It is always interesting to watch the birth and death rates. They show us how our population is increasing or decreasing.
The birth rate in the United States is now about 18 per 1,000 population. The death rate is about 11 per 1,000 population.
This means that our population is increasing at the rate of about 7 per 1,000 population per year.
This is a very slow rate of increase. In fact, it is so slow that it is causing some concern.
Some people are worried that our population will eventually start to decrease. They point to the fact that the birth rate is declining and the death rate is increasing.
They also point to the fact that the average age of our population is increasing. This means that there are more old people and fewer young people.
This is a serious problem, and it is one that we must face. We must find ways to increase the birth rate and decrease the death rate.
We must also find ways to make our population younger.
If we do not do these things, our population will eventually start to decrease. And if our population starts to decrease, our country will be in serious trouble.