Mr. Emerson Starts
Can the Baltimore City Council succeed
when the Baltimore Grand Jury and the Mayor
have failed.
That is the question which proposes itself
after City Councilman Walter S. Emerson in-
troduced this week a resolution requesting the
Board of Managers at the House of Reforma-
tion at Cheltenham to replace its white super-
visors and teachers with colored.
Cheltenham with a larger per capita expen-
diture than several other state institutions is
yet the most grievously mismanaged reform
school in the state. Part of this is due to an-
cient methods; part to its private management
which is not responsible to the state and city
which support it, and part is undoubtedly due
to its white staff which has no genuine interest
in reforming boys except as it brings a monthly
pay envelope.
The grand jury for the past five years has
reported adversely on Cheltenham. Juries have
recommended that more essential trades be
taught, that common school instruction be in-
stituted; that changes be made so that inmates
be kept clean and better disciplined.
The mayor of the city interested himself in
Cheltenham, appointed an advisory committee
which investigated and recommended certain
changes which were disregarded by the reform
school.
Now comes Mr. Emerson with his resolution
to change the staff from white to colored. The
city of course has no control of the privately
owried Cheltenham. However it appropriates
something like $35,000. a year for the boys it
sends there.
If Cheltenham continues refuse to listen to
advice, and good counsel, we trust Mr. Emerson
will introduce still another resolution-namely
that Baltimore city will build and equip at Ca-
tonsville on the farm which now houses the Md.
Home and Parental School, its own reform
school.
Such a move is not only in the interest of
the youth but also in the interest of economy.
Baltimore city can run such an institution
cheaper than it can continue to pay somebody
else to do it
4
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.