Anniversary
The AFRO passed ts 33rd birthday September first.
Installation of equipment, which makes possible this larger
aper we have this issue, was planned for April 15th, last.
trikes and unusual labor troubles delayed the work until
ow, so that although a month late, the AFRO is able only
oday to bring out its Anniversary number.
The remodeled plant, the new equipment mean little
xcept better service to thousands of AFRO readers. It
ught to be said here that all of these improvements were
anned by the late J. H. Murphy, and but for his sudden
amite would have been carried out before.
White Cargo Shocks England
"White Cargo, the new drama, startles London, the
FRO said last week. Like New York's "All God's Chillun
Pot Wings," it deals with inter-marriage of the races and the
English hero marries the West African native girl he se-
Buced.
☑ England isn't shocked at the revelation that hundreds of
Houng men she sends to fill official positions in the colonies
Mall in love with native girls. The country has known that
hese many years. But marriage. Oughn't the dramatist to
lave known that is a tabooed subject. Mixing the races
fter dark is all right, but under the sanction of the law,
ever. How like our own precious Southland.
Cheltenham Up To Ritchie
I
t
1.
r
C
r
I
V
S
t
e
C
a
1
V
Governor Ritchie has shown heretofore an agreeable
lingness to investigate conditions in State institutions t
There mis-management is charged.
:
r
2
C
f
For this reason the AFRO commends to him the reports
the last four Baltimore City grand juries on the House of
Retormation for Colored Boys at Cheltenham. The last!
epon especially is remarkable in that the colored member
of this body. Mr. Joseph P. Evans, in a supplemental state-
hent sets out at some length the lack of schooling, the insani-
ation and the poor management of the superintendent, who
Srecommended for a pension.
r
2
Γ
a
Cheltenham is only a private institution, but derives its
apport from city and State funds. What is needed is a s
tate institution to care for these wayward boys, but Gov-r
mor Ritchie can remedy the conditions complained of, so
ong as the State holds a part of the money bags.
A probe of miserably managed Cheltenham is up to the
Governor. What will he do?
G. O. P. Grand Old Pussyfooters
G. O. P., Grand Old Party, has become Grand Old
Pussyiooters.
The only sincere, sensible speech in the present cam-
aign was written but not delivered by Secretary of Navy,
libur. at Denver, Colorado.
What happened to it? Copies of it were filed first at
Jashington, and a fearful "Cal" kept the wires so hot that
Thur canceled all speaking engagements and took an
oplane for Washington.
a
1
C
t
i
Lincoln must have turned over in his grave. Charles!
Sumner and Frederick Douglass must have done a double
Comersault, and Teddy Roosevelt groaned aloud.
(
Here is "Silent Cal" Coolidge afraid to condemn the Ku
Klux Klan and its program of mob violence because so many
Republicans in Maine and Indiana are Klansmen. He muz-
des Wilbur, who wanted to say that the Negro problem is;
The main issue in politics and the main question is not the
ariff, but whether the South shall be permitted to segregate,
Sisiranchise and mob Americans because they are colored.
It's a fine spectacle, this G. O. P. in 1924. The initials
indoubtedly stand for Grand Old Pussyfooters.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.
i