Union Home For Destitute
Is Regular Homey Place
Fifteen Kiddies Are Clothed, Fed And Schooled By Institu
tion Started 15 Years Ago. Oldest "Orphan Child" Is 27
Up on McCulloh street at num-inmates is Harry Harmon, chaffeur
ber 1909, 12 kiddies, some without He came to the home. when ning
parents, others who have lost one
parent, of whose folk are not on
good terms, find a home. There
isn't much elegant about it, just one
- of those regular big houses left by
the white people who fled the dark
invasion. Somehow generosity and
goodwill have not been sufficient to
make Union Industrial Home for
Orphans and Destitute Children
a
years old. Grown up and sent out
for himself, he became married and
had two children. Now at 27 he
has come back to the people who
gave him home care in an institu-
tion. Mrs. Harmon is assistant ma-
tron and her kiddies romp about the
none too well furnished but com-
fortable house.
"We do not have a fine place here."
said the Rev. West when interviewed,
"but we are filling a distinct need.
There is no home of this type ope-
rated by any other members of the
race in the state. Cheltenham and
the House of Good Shepherd do
grand place, but it has a homey air,
Started 15 years ago by the Rev.
George W. West, Delaware Williams,
the late William H. Carpenter, and
M73. Ellen Smith under the banner
of the Maryland State Baptist Con-
vention when the late Dr. Harvey not fill the needs of small children
Johnson was one of its leading
lights, the place has cared for over ||
250 children. Seeing its first few
years ago as a school out in Balti-
more County and later on Arlington
avenue, the home has left its rented
quarters and is now paying for the
present quarters. J. lIoward Payne,
local attorney, is agent for the insti-
tution.
who need the best care.
Use Anything
"We teach the girls to do home-
work, sew, cook and some music. The
boys do caning and upholstering. We
have use for anything the public
can give us from newspapers up."
The 'six rooms for the youngsters
are clean. Most of them are fur-
nished with beds and dressers, the
furnishings being severely plain in
most instances. The house is
heated by a hot air furnace.
$37,000 Drive
Quiet and unassuming, the Rev.
Mr. West and his wife have never
forced the home upon the organized
charities. The Baptist church col-
lects a few dollars now and then.
A drive for $37,000 to buy and
and then another institution gives equip a farm in Harford County wili
something. This mixed with be held in January. An option has
prayer and what the institutior. can already been secured on the 45 acre
earn has somehow made up the place. It is well stocked with fruit.
$180 needed weekly for maintenance, livestock, and is suitable for truck
the Rev. Winston says. Inquiring and general farming. The pian is to
here and there whether some hus-keep as many boys on the farm as
band's wife had left hint with chil-possible during the summer months.
dren for whom he could not care, or allowing them to go to school
the whereabouts of another widow. they do now in winter. The girls
the work of juvenile charity has gone
on.
Now a family was found destitute.
parents sick, food low. Baskets of
food, usually obtained by sacrifices,
went to them somehow. A mother
had to work and wanted to leave
the baby in someone's care, and
Union came in handy again.
as
will be maintained at the present
(quarters, which will serve as offices
and dormitory.
The trustees of Union are the
Revs. A. C. Gilbert, S. A. Bolden.
(George West, J. R. Webb, Prof. W.
J. Winston. president of Northern
University, Rahway, N. J., and Prof.
A. L. Phillips, dean of the same. in-
Among the most interesting of the sstitution.