"Bill" Pickett Mrs. Garvey Here
With "101" Shows
Mrs. Amy Ashwood Garvey, first wife
of Marcus Garvey, who is suing her
husband-Provisional President of Af-
With Miller Brothers' 101 Ranch rica for divorce, is in the city for a
Wild West and Great Far East Show few days, stopping with friends at 531
that comes to Baltimore two days, Preston street.
Wednesday, May 26 and 27, at Ed-
mondson avenue and Bentalou street,
will be "Bill" Pickett, greatest colored
plainsman ever known. Pickett's spe-
cialty, throwing steers with his teeth,
is unmatchable and the marvel of the
West.
0
"Y" Arrivals
W..D. Winston, Salisbury, Md.; J. J.
Banks, Berlin, Md.; O. Williams, Phila-
Last year in Albany, during the delphia: Carl E. Darden, Washington;
street parade, the driver of a tableau James L. Morton, Washington; William
wagon lost control of his horses and Alexander, Washington; Henry Taylor,
the five ran away, drawing the heavy Richmond, Va; James Robinson, Spar-
wagon down an incline. Pickett, who rows, Point, Md.; C. S. Elder, Rich-
mond, Va.; D. E. Brooks, Baltimore.
was mounted on a horse, did some
spectacular riding, grasped the bit of
the leader and saved the life of five
[
spectators. The hero suffered a brok-
en arm and rib and was incapacitated
for months. His injuries have healed
and he is now one of the stars of this
season's production. There is a col-
ored band that is also a feature of
the stupendous show.
One thousand four hundred persons
are required to present the mammoth
spectacle, cowboys and cowgirls; 600
elephants,camels and buffalo, (from
ranch herds.) Every famous Indian
chief and warrior in America is among
its contingent of redskins. And ignor-
ing the retrenchment policy of the
circuses, they bring to town the larg-
est and most picturesque street pa-
rade ever seen in the land.
BOY IN HOSPITAL
MOTHER NOT TOLD
Cheltenham Authorities Did
Not Inform Mrs. Hattie
Stewart of Son's Illness
D. C. RELATIVE SAW
LAD IN FREEDMANS
Alonzo Jackson Found To Be
Critical After Serious Ope-
ration For Appendicitis
More of the deplorable con-
ditions existing at the boys re-
form school at Cheltenham were
revealed by Mrs. Hattie Stewart,
1510 Riggs Avenue.
She told an AFRO reporter that
her son, Alonzo Jackson, age 11, had
been confined in the Freedman's
Hospital, Washington, with appendi
citis for more than a week before
she was notified of his condition.
She was only informed that her
son was confined in the hospital
when a relative in Washington hap-
pened to visit the institution and
discovered the boy. Mrs. Stewart
declares that she went to Washing-
ton immediately upon being inform:-
ed and found that her son had been
there some time and had undergone
an operation. His condition was de-
clared to be serious at the time.
Later information from the author-
ities declare the boy to be improv-
ing however.
The boy was committed to the
reform school last January she stat.
ed.
1
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.