Carol-A Dance or Dance Music
Carol-To Sing in a cheerful or joyous strain to warble,
torn dance and sing a dance performed in a circle,
also a song accompanying it, a choral dance.-
Webster's Dictionary.
Yes, if they want to. It is their business and nobody's else.
Persons accustomed to regard the Christmas season as
a serious and stilled celebration must have gotten a shock
from Dr. Hugh Birckhead Sunday when he declared that
early Christmas music was written for dance purposes.
The rector of Emanuel P. E. Church went further and
described German carols as written in waltz time, French in
march time, and the Russian carols in polka time.
Commenting on the French carols, he added that there
was no emphasis on the child Jesus as the son of God, but
rather on the Bethlehem Babe as an infant, cunning, beauti-
ful and unexpressibly dear.
The early church, said Dr. Birckhead, emphasized the
dance in connection with Christmas carols. How much danc-
ing there was can be seen from the fact that it required three
church councils to abolish it.
V
Today most churches regard the dance as sinful in itself C
-a thing to be banished to the stage and the dance hall. St.
Mark's Church, New York, advertised a dance interpreting
the Scriptures recently, and drew down upon its head the
ban of the bishops.
How far the church ban goes may be seen also in the
fact that no dancing is permitted in the Y. M. C. A.'s and the
community houses.
Church members dance, members of the pastor's family
dance at home or publicly in dance halls, but as for church
dancing, the thing simply isn't done any more.
Cheltenham Again
Grand Juries come and Grand Juries go, but the mis-
management of Cheltenham, (House of Reformation for Col-
ored Boys) like Tennison's book, goes on forever.
Reports of the last three Baltimore City Grand Juries
pointed out grave faults in Cheltenham and urged relief. It
has been shown that the place is unsanitary, that young boys
are given less than three months schooling; that they are
hired out like convicts, that they are beaten by guards, and
by superintendent.
One Grand Jury, of which Mr. Joseph P. Evans was a
member, in a special report pointed out these things and in
addition, urged that Superintendent Pyles, who is now phy-
sically unable to perform his duties, be supplanted.
While the institution is privately managed, it receives
aid from the City and State and Baltimore delinquents are
sent there from the Juvenile Court.
Last week witnesses appearing before the Grand Jury
testified that the chief diet was bread and tea-seldom meat
except in soup.
: These are the facts. Certainly Baltimore Judges cannot
continue to send delinquents to such institutions as cannot
help them to become better citizens.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.