hav gyms and none has a yard big enough for
an athletic field or a running track.
This is the ugly side.
However, reform and improvement are around
the corner. The Urban League, which asked
Mr. Atwell to survey the city's recreation facili-
ties, or lack of them, has sponsored also an in-
terracial committee which includes among its
members, Mrs. Marie Bauernschmidt and Mrs.
John Wesley Brown, white, City Councilman
Walter S. Emerson, and Dean John W. Hayward
of Morgan College.
They have assumed the job of changing the
attitude of the city towards the free-time ac-
tivities of the average boy and girl, and their
successful handling of this situation means that
Baltimore will have fewer delinquents to send
to Cheltenham and to Melvale.
Two Bad Spots
Baltimore has two undeveloped spots for which
It must continually apologize. Strangely enough,
both of them involve the city's relationship to
children.
In the Cheltenham House of Reformation. in
Prince Georges county, the city has two hun-
dred boys, the most of them hired out to a
manufacturer of brooms. They are living in
dirt and disease, with little chance for education
or reformation.
A similar situation exists at Melvale, the re-
form school for girls, where a power sewing
machine shop takes the place of a broom factory.
A city which mistreats its wayward boys and
girls usually neglects also its normal children.
How true this is in the case of Baltimore, Mr.
Ernest T. Atwell, associate director of the
National Playground and Recreation Association,
reminded us last week when he said that the
Playground Athletic League of this city, with a
budget of nearly $250,000 a year, spends less
than $3,000 a year in work among Negro child-
ren.
This is the reason there is but one full time
P.A.L. worker handling colored work here.
This is the reason there is not a single year-
:ound play-field or playground for Negroes in
Baltimore.
This is the reason why the city has but one
colored swimming pool and no municipal beach.
This is the reason why but two public schools
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.