Wednesday Is Race Day at Legislature
HEARINGS FIXED
FOR 4 BILLS
FEBRUARY 20
Major Measures Concerning
Race Welfare To Be Dis-
cussed That Day
MEETING IN HOUSE
CHAMBER THAT NIGHT
State Organizations And
Clubs Invited To Send
Delegates
ANNAPOLIS, MD., (Af-
ro Bureau)-Citizens of
Maryland who are interest-
ed in the program of jus-
tice and fair play that is
before the Legislature have
the opportunity to register
that interest in a very ef-
fective way.
By unanimous vote the Couse of
Delegates voted last week to grant
the use of the House Chamber of
the State Capitol for a hearing on
the Negro welfare rogram on Wed-
nesday evening. February 20.
The legislature convenes at noon
of that day and any citizen is at
liberty to occupy a seat in the gal-
lery without discrimination.
This luck is looked for this time.
Feeble-Minded School
will furnish a splendid opportunity
for citizens to see their lawmakers
in action. Therefore, visitors should At 3 o'clock, the same day, there
arrange to reach Annapolis by noon will also be a hearing before the
as the session may close by 2 o'clock. Senate Committee on Ways and
In order that pers ns who are in Means on Senate Bill No. 8, intro-
terested in any one or more of the duced by Senator Harrv O. Levin,
four propositions before the legis- fourth district of Baltimore, to "cre-
lature need not make more than ate and establish a Colored State
ore trip to present 'heir wishes, the Training School, to receive and train
committees have arranged to have imbecile, idiotic and feeble-minded
Learings on that same day on the
icur bills.
Cheltenham
colored persons," and to provide a
fund of $100,000 to carry the plans
into effect.
A similar bill introduced by Sena-
tor Levin was passed by both houses
The hearings are set as follows:
At 2 o'clock, the Ways and Means
Committee of the House will hear of the legislature of 1924 but was
arguments for or against the bills vetoed by Governor Ritchie Training
introduced by Mr. Paul Berman, The Rosewood
fourth district of Baltimore, num- School, at Owings Mills, Md., near
bers 106 and 113, which aim to con- Baltimore, provides for similar un-
vert the House of Reformation at fortunate white perzons receiving an
Cheltenham, now a private institu- annual appropriation of
tion that receives a State funds, into into its maintenance.
a State Training School for Color-
of $212,500, for
Teachers' Pay
ed Boys, as was done for white boys At 4 o'clock, the same day, a hear-
Raven.
at Bloch authorizes the House of
Reformation to "transfer to the State
"and that the Board of Public Works
Maryland all of its property";
of the State of Maryland is author-
ized, empowered and directed to re-
ceive a good and sufficient deed" up-
ing is being arranged for the bill
to equalize the salaries of colored
prescribed for other public school
teachers to the same schedule as
teachers. As this is a major propo-
the hour has been
that no one need be late.
Following the afternoon hearings
on terms, 1st, that the State assume opportunity for a satisfactory dinner
ali mortgage liens and encumbrances, will be provided by the King's
and 2nd, that the State assume and
nay all floating debts, not exceeding D..ughters of the Asbury Church,
$8.000. The other bill, 106, provides just opposite the West Street Sta-
for the future management and tion. Dinner will be served from 5
nraintenance of the institution, to 7 o'clock. The price will be rea-
sonable. Public restaurants will al-
so provide for those who so desire.
These cafes will be open all day and
evening.
Jim Crow
At 3 o'clock, the Senate Commit-
tee on Corporations will hold a hear-
ing on on bill 39, introduced by Sena- House Chamber Meeting
ter William A. Gunter of Cumber- Beginning at 8 o'clock there will
land, to repeal sections 432 to 448, be an epoch-making meeting in the
inclusive. of Article 27 of the Code, House Chamber of the State Capitol.
commonly known as the "Jim Crow A choice musical treat is under prep-
Car" laws. An identical bill was aration by the students of Morgan
introduced in the legislature of 1927 College, Bowie Normal School and
by Senator A. LeRoy McCardle, of the Coppin Normal School. The mu-
Frederick County, received a favor- sical recital will consume about a
able report from the Senate Judiciary half hour. Then some ten leaders
Committee, but did not get through will take three mintues each to bring
the jam of the closing days. Better greetings from their respective fields.
Then follows an argentative ex-
position of the welfare program by
William N. Jones whose ability as a
writer and speaker is well known.
The galleries will hold two hundred
persons and there will be some seats
on the main floor in cases where
members of the legislature are un-
able to be present.
It is believed that after the day's
hearings and the program of the the eve-
ning there will be no one who will
object to calling February 20 a day.
Delegates
Community clubs, parent-teacher
associations, churches, lodges and
other organizations should send dele-
gates. To ignore this chance to reg-
ister their interest may indicate to
the lawmakers that the rank and file
are not interested. A trip to Annap-
olis February 20 should be regarded
as a good investment. It is the su-
preme opportunity to prove that bet
ter treatment is wanted and that it
will be appreciated, if granted.
Visitors who plan to remain over
night in Annapolis will be carefully
provided for if they will notify John
T. Stepney, 46 Second street. They
may also wrie to T. J. Calloway.
Box 522:
Citizens who can not arrange to
come to Annapolis, February 20, can
at least. invest in a 2-cent stamp
and write to the Senator or one or
more of the delegates from the coun-
ty or Baltimore district in which
the citizen lives, and make a plea
for favorable action. Letters should
be written to these men as to a friend
for. after all. both the Governor
and the legislature want to please
Maryland citizens.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.