Mr. Langfield is Suggested for a Place On the
Board of Managers at Cheltenham.
To the Editor:
I just returned from Europe. I see they still
have rum brutes at Cheltenham Reform School.
After my brother and I wrote to the judges
and managers about the brutes and their method
of treatment, we had been inmates and had
worked on farms down in southern Maryland and
know how these officials would go to Smith's sa-
loon three and four times a week, fill up and
sleep their drunk off at the bar. Yet the Board
of Managers think they are good enough to re-
form boys. They need reforming themselves.
Ninety per cent of the boys now discharged from
there go to jail or penitentiary. Boys receive
no education and little or no Christian instruc-
tion.
When I was there we had a priest of the Marl-
boro Church, a priest of the Episcopal church
and a Methodist preacher to come and preach
and give religious teachings and Pyles got rid of
the priests and only hired his preacher of the
Methodist church so the pay would go to help
pay the preacher's salary.
I hear he got rid of Mr. Langfield. one of the
best men ever there. What I am, and brother
also. we credit to Mr. Langfield's good counsel
and treatment. But officers were jealous and
spiteful toward Mr. Langfield because he was
offered the assistant superintendency.
What we want on the Board of Managers is
men like Mr. Langfield, who has had fifty years'
experience and would help to improve the school.
We have plenty intelligent colored men capable
to run the place as it should be run. What good
are the county managers? They come on the
place only at election times or to get boys to
work their farms.
What does am McGruder know about the place
and how it is managed. My consin carries a
scar on his head where an officer known as
"Brandywine," Whiskey, Tar Pot, struck him with
a monkey wrench. The fellow never was fit to
be an officer at the school. Too fond of his rum.
Too much of a brute.
Perhaps it will be well to build a new reform
school, say, on the Eastern Shore. Let all church-
es and sell Cheltenham to the government for
a place for bootleggers or for insane people. It
is a failure as a reformation for our boys.
Fifty and one hundred lashes on a boy only
hardens him. That is why so many turn out
bad and go to jail or penitentiary. Good men
who desire to help boys to lead a better life are
not desired under running officials. One who can
use brute force is most desirable and praised.
We are going to write to every judge in the
county in Maryland and tell them the boys can
receive better treatment at the penitentiary than
at the ouse of Reformation.
WILLIAM FREEMAN.
TOM FREEMAN.
Nelson And Rainey Qualified To Head Up Na-
tional Work Of Democratic Campaign Com-
.mittee. New Yorkers Should Put Aside Their
Hammer.
To the Editor:-
Just a word for Robert J. Nelson of Wil-
mington and Washington and Julian D. Rainey
of Boston. I have known both very well, Nel-
son for many years, and Rainey ever since he
quit Norfolk. From super Harlem has come
the usual "squawk" of Presidential years against
"outsiders" managing a Presidential campaign
from New York headquarters. Hitherto, it has
been about Negroes invited to help run Repub-
lican campaigns. Now it also is against Nelson
and Rainey, Democrats, and "Al Smithites."
Mr. Nelson is the only Negro extant who ever
ran a campaign from the satrt to defeat a Con-
gressman for deliberately offending Negro citi-
zens and succeeded in his purpose. A U.S. Sen-
ator went down in the crash, as Nelson warned
him would be the case. Hence the elevation
to the upper Branch of Congress of Thomas
F. Bayard of Delaware, second of the Bayards
to serve in the Senate, and the end of Congress-
men Layton's political career.
Shoulder to shoulder has Nelson fought seg-
regation in the Government departments here
with Neval Thomas and Arch Pinkett. They
are the triple-Nemses of Cabinet officers in
whose jurisdictions segregation flourished.
It
was as head of the Elks' Civil liberties Bureau
that Nelson put the power of that greatest or-
ganization behind the anti-segregation fight.
Additionally, he has made a Smith Democrat
of Neval Thomas, best asset and "bally-ho"
among the forthcoming campaign orators.
As for Rainey: In 15 years this boy has come
from a dining car through law school and the
Great War (which he entered as a private and
from which he emerged a lieutenant) to a lucra-
tive law practice in Boston-the "William H.
Lewis" of his generation. Despite his hankering
after public office in law-school days, Rainey
could not afford to accept an assistant district
attorney-ship from the District Attorney he help-
ed elect. He has taken into his office from a
dining car a young, graduate lawyer, whom he
recently sent into the U. S. Court at Boston to
win a deportation case against the Government;
in 1926 he managed the colored end of the guber-
natorial campaign of the late noble and wealthy
William A. Gaston, who was defeated, and of
David I. Walsh, who was not As Nelson is
"Bob" Nelson to thousands of voters, so Rainey
is "Jule," to numberless young voters.
The Harlemites contend, nevertheless, that
only a New York Afric is entitled to manage a
Democratic Presidential campaign, as they are
original Tammany Democrats. Carried to logi-
cal sequence, ultimately, such a contention would
forbid Gov. Smith naming Mr. Raskob, hitherto
not a Democrat, as Chairman of the Democratic
National Committee. But Mr. Raskob is Chair-
man!
New Yorkers react to the provinces and pro-
vincials in politcs just as they do in professional
baseball-14 other big league ball clubs exists
only to carry out schedules to fetch the penants
and the World's series to New York-so national
campaign managers must be New Yorkers, des-
pite the fact that they cannot carry their own
precints. When Aldermen Moore and Hawkins
were elected to the Board of Aldermen as Re-
publicans from Harlem the fact automatically
eliminated Harlem's Afric Dems from National
consideration in the matter of managing political
campaigns. A leadership whih cannot elect an
Alderman certainly cannot elect a President.
RIENZI B. LEMUS.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.