Cheltenham Board Defers' Subscribers
CHELTENHAM BD.
"DEFERS" RACE
SUBSCRIDERS
Membership Money of Bi-
shop A. L. Gaines And
Willard Allen Refused
ACTION MAY BE TAKEN
AT A LATER DATE
Charter Provides That Sub-
scribers Elect 12 Of Gov-
erning Body
Another effort to get
race representation on the
governing board of Chel-
tenham was temporarily
halted last week when the
subscription money of Bi-
shop A. L. Gaines and Wil-
lard W. Allen was refus-
ed and their proposed ad-
dition as "subscribers" de-
ferred until the next meet-
ing by the Board of Direc-
tors.
(Cheltenham is the state house of
reformation of colored ys in Prince
Geerges County.)
The names nd money of Bishop
Gaines and Willard Allen were sent
in by Joseph P. Evans, and acti
of the board in refusing to accept
the money and act on the subscrib-
ers was given as desire of the board
to investigate the "fitness" of the
men.
"Subscribers" Elect
Is Sore Spot
For years the administration of
this institution has been under fire
and a sore spot. The late Enoch charter to the effect that he Boar.
Pratt was the chief founder of the of Managers approve all "subscribers."
institution which is located in Prince
White Staff
George County. In the original It was this resolution under which
charter grandted by the legislatue, the resent action in barring Bishop
it was provided that "any person Gaines and Willard W. Allen,
making an annual subscription for least temporarily, off the board, was
the benefit of the institution should taken. Although there is a general
be enrolled as a 'subscriper and th. t
in every February all subscribers
at
policy in Maryland to have colored
teachers in all public schools, the
would assemble in annual meeting staff at the Cheltenham House of
and elect 12 persons to constitute the
board of managers."
Reformation for Colored Boys has
remained white.
It was the original purpose of the
Under this type of managemer.t,
founder to have people interested many of the committees from the
enough to contribute to help with the Baltimore Supreme bench grand
management of the institution. The juries have made investigations and
The board of the Cheltenham present subscribers, however, consti- found grave abuses. Many reforms
House of Reformation for Colored tute only a nominal number and are have been suggested, and promised.
Boys is composed of 12 members composed mostly of those desiring to At the recent meeting of the In-
elected by the subscribers along with have themselves voted to member-terracial Commission, the president
two members appointed by the Ma-ship on the board of managers. This of the Board of Managers of Chel-
jor and City Council and two ap-condition prompted Enoch Harlan tenham and Bishop Gaines were ap-
pointed by the Governor of Mary-some four years ago to request the pointed as a committee to investigate
land.
State Legislature to amend the conditions at this institution.