acknowledged founder of the Democratic party.
Tom frothed at the mouth several weeks ago
over the spectacle of Mr. Philip Edwards, N.Y.
University track captain, marrying a white girl.
Dr. L. D. Turner, Fisk University professor, in
his new book on anti-slavery sentiments quotes
Thomas Jefferson under date of January 26, 1789,
as follows:
Upon my return (from Paris) to America, I will
endeavor to import as many Germans as I have grown
slaves.
I will settle them and my grown slaves on farms
of 50 acres each, intermingled. Their children shall be
brought up as others are, in habits of probity and
foresight and I have no doubt but they will be good
citizens.
Had Heflin lived 120 years ago he would have
been compelled to bolt the party because Jeffer-
son, its leader, insisted on mixing the races which
according to Hefiin "God meant to be kept
separate."
Is "Negro" Libelous?
Thirty years ago the Times Democrat, white
daily of New Orleans, was sued for libel by the
Rev. Thomas J. Upton, white, who alleged that
the newspaper had referred to him as a Negro.
A telegraphic dispatch to the Times Democrat
referred to the Rev. Mr. Upton as a "cultured gen-
tleman," which through an error in the telegraph
office was made to read "colored gentleman."
The Christian(?) preacher asked $5,000
damages. The court awarded him $50, declaring
that no malice was intended, the mistake was not
intentional and there was no damage because
the lineage of the plaintiff was well known.
In nineteen other cases of similar import, U.S.
courts have ruled that it is libelous (i.e., calcu-
lated to subject to ridicule or hold in contempt)
to refer to a white person as a Negro.
Last week the twentieth case was defended in
San Francisco by a Scripps-Howard newspaper
which was sued for $50,000 by Louis Gomez, whom
it referred to as a "Portuguese Negro."
This case, however, is different in that the
newspaper pleads neither truth nor justification
for its mistake, but demurs by claiming that
"Negro" is not a term of ridicule and contempt.
Reference to Gomez as a Portuguese, Spaniard,
Frenchman or Japanese would not have led to a
libel suit.
The contention of the San Francisco News is
that the term is one connoting respect and es-
teem rather than ridicule and contempt.
Our white people in Dixie are not that civi-
lized. Perhaps California may be. The decision
of the court will be an index to California's cul-
ture. The outcome should interest Negroes
everywhere.
Reforming the Reform
Schools
Judge J. S. Waxter's courageous address before
the Interdenominational and Interracial Minis-
ters Alliance of the city last week in which he
exposed conditions at Melvale and Cheltenham,
deserves the thanks of the entire city.
Despite unfavorable reports of grand juries for
the past ten years and the periodic protests of
various individuals in these columns, Baltimore
has slept contentedly while its semi-public re-
form schools for colored girls and boys have de-
generated under private management into breed-
ing places for criminals and sadists.
Judge Waxter's exposures include the follow-
ing:
1. Sixty-five out of one hundred girls at Melvale
Reform School have some form of social disease,
contracted for the most part within the institution.
2. In nearly every case girls are homosexualists.
3. No school, no recreation, no knives and forks at
table.
4. Conditions at Cheltenham school for boys, slight-
ly improved.
Who is to blame for this?
First of all, these conditions are to be blamed
on those members of the board appointed by the
governor, and those by the mayor to guard the
state's and the city's interests.
Their willingness to assume responsibility may
be judged from their reaction to Judge Waxter's
expose.
City Councilman J. Warren Burgess, white, re-
cently appointed, has never been to Melvale.
Mr. George M. Griffith, white, two years on the
board, has visited the institution twice but has
noted none of the conditions referred to.
Nine "good and true" members of the Melvale
board through negligence and incompetency,
have been unable to discover conditions which
Mrs. Marie O. Bauernschmidt, after one visit,
described as "painfully unsanitary," requiring
public intervention at once.
Fixing responsibility in this case, however
culpable it may be, does not clean up Melvale
and Cheltenham, does not reclaim and reform the
sadists there soon to be turned back into society
to pollute it further.
The bi-racial committee has offered its ser-
vices. Its success in securing and administering
new funds for city recreation under supervision
of the Playground Athletic League has already
been noted.
It should have public support in its effort to
effect reforms at these two reform schools.
Judge Moss Lectures
"If there were any precedent, I would sentence
you to hang, despite your youthfulness [14]."
"It is not my fault that the supreme penalty
[hanging] cannot be imposed."
In such wise, according to newspaper reports,
did Judge Robert Moss of the Anne Arundel
County Court at Annapolis, Md., lecture two
criminals accused of murder, and assault with
intent to kill.
The function of a court is to hear evidence,
weigh it, determine what, if any law has been
violated, and fix the punishment as provided by
law to fit the crime.
In brief, a court is a place where justice is
administered, justice being interpreted to mean
"the strict and judicial rendering of what is due."
Justice is blind: Our judges are therefore ex-
pected not only to be fair and impartial, but to
act from necessity rather than choice.
Public expressions of the judge should there-
fore represent not what he personally thinks or
feels, but what the law inexorably demands.
No judge is above the law. None should wish
to be. Justice may be tempered with mercy or
severity, but personal vindictiveness and personal
favor have no place in a court of justice govern-
ed by law.
Bolting Heflin
"Tem" Heflin (Dem., Ala.) who bolted his party
in the last presidential campaign because Al
Smith is a Catholic, should thank his stars that
he did not live in the days of Thomas Jefferson,
third president of the United States and the
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.