acknowledged founder of the Democratic party.
Tom frothed at the mouth several weeks ago
over the spectacle of Mr. Philip Edwards, N.Y.
University track, captain, marrying a white girl.
Dr. L. D. Turner, Fisk University professor, in
his new book on anti-slavery sentiments quotes
Thomas Jefferson under date of January 26, 1789,
as follows:
Upon my return (from Paris) to America, I will
endeavor to import as many Germans as I have grown
slaves.
I will settle them and my grown slaves on farms
of 50 acres each, intermingled. Their children shall be
brought up as others are, in habits of probity and
foresight and I have no doubt but they will be good
citizens.
Had Heflin lived 120 years ago he would have
been compelled to bolt the party because Jeffer-
son, its leader, insisted on mixing the races which
according to Heflin "God meant to be kept
separate."
Is "Negro" Libelous?
Thirty years ago the Times Democrat, white
daily of New Orleans, was sued for libel by the
Rev. Thomas J. Upton, white, who alleged that
the newspaper had referred to him as a Negro.
A telegraphic dispatch to the Times Democrat
referred to the Rev. Mr. Upton as a "cultured gen-
tleman," which through an error in the telegraph
office was made to read "colored gentleman."
The Christian(?) preacher asked
$5,000
damages. The court awarded him $50, declaring
that no malice was intended, the mistake was not
intentional and there was no damage because
the lineage of the plaintiff was well known.
In nineteen other cases of similar import, U.S.
courts have ruled that it is libelous (i.e., çalcu-
lated to subject to ridicule or hold in contempt)
to refer to a white person as a Negro.
Last week the twentieth case was defended in
San Francisco by a Scripps-Howard newspaper
which was sued for $50,000 by Louis Gomez, whom
it referred to as a "Portuguese Negro."
This case, however, is different in that the
newspaper pleads neither truth nor justification
for its mistake, but demurs by claiming that
"Negro" is not a term of ridicule and contempt.
Reference to Gomez as a Portuguese, Spaniard,
Frenchman or Japanese would not have led to a
libel suit.
The contention of the San Francisco News is
that the term is one connoting respect and es-
teem rather than ridicule and contempt.
Our white people in Dixie are not that civi-
lized. Perhaps California may be. The decision
of the court will be an index to California's cul-
ture. The outcome should interest Negroes
everywhere.
Judge Moss Lectures
"If there were any precedent, I would sentence
you to hang, despite your youthfulness [14]."
"It is not my fault that the supreme penalty
[hanging] cannot be imposed."
In such wise, according to newspaper reports,
did Judge Robert Moss of the Anne Arundel
County Court at Annapolis, Md., lecture two
criminals accused of murder, and assault with
intent to kill.
The function of a court is to hear evidence,
weigh it, determine what, if any law has been
violated, and fix the punishment as provided by
law to fit the crime.
In brief, a court is a place where justice is
administered, justice being interpreted to mean
"the strict and judicial rendering of what is due."
Justice is blind: Our judges are therefore ex-
pected not only to be fair and impartial, but to
act from necessity rather than choice.
Public expressions of the judge should there-
fore represent not what he personally thinks or
feels, but what the law inexorably demands.
No judge is above the law. None should wish
to be. Justice may be tempered with mercy or
severity, but personal vindictiveness and personal
favor have no place in a court of justice govern-
ed by law..
Bolting Heflin
"Tom" Heflin (Dem., Ala.) who bolted his party
in the last presidential campaign because Al
Smith is a Catholic, should thank his stars that
he did not live in the days of Thomas Jefferson,
third president of the United States and the
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.