if the census taker comes by day, and are out
if he comes by night.
New York City illustrates the difficulties of an
accurate, census. For example, the 1920 U.S. cen-
sus showed a population of 80,118 colored women
and 72,351 men; total, 152,469.
In 1900, New York had 60,666 colored folk; and
in 1910, 91,700.
If the usual growth of the city has kept up
since 1920, New York today has 210,000 colored
people.
The New York Tattler "guesses" however that
the number should be 254,000. Other New York
papers have estimated as high as 275,000 or
300,000.
They may be correct; but when the census
figures are made public next year and show
210,000 Negroes in New York City, the rest of
the country can well marvel how so many Har-
lemites succeed every ten years in ducking
census enumerators.
A Snob University
"In some of our most popular universities, un-
dergraduates are simply products of stuffing
machines, and the degree of A.B. becomes a mere
label-a standard bonded label on a bootleg
bottle," writes Dean Edward Wilber Berry, white,
of the College of Arts and Sciences of Johns
Hopkins University in a current magazine.
Dean Berry thinks that the average college
teaches "simply the accumulated debris of the
past three or four hundred years of hit-or-miss
instruction."
Defenders of the college as it is, may well
wonder how much of this opinion can be regarded
as an effort to better college teaching and how
much is a sneer at colleges in general. Dean
Berry was privately educated. He holds no de-
grees.
Yet neither Dean Berry, who is 55 years old
and was born in Newark, N. J., nor Johns Hop-
kins University can afford to sneer at many
other colleges.
Nowhere is snobbishness, prejudice. race hatred
and intolerance better taught and better ex-
emplified in this Christian(?) land, than at
Johns Hopkins.
Named for a philanthropist who left his wealth
to heal and educate both black and white, it has
been turned into a university of snobs for the
white aristocrat only.
Dean Berry can well afford to confine his sneers
to his own college.
Cheltenham's Board
Two out of sixteen members of the board of
trustees of the Maryland House of Reformation
for Colored Boys at Cheltenham are colored.
Of the sixteen members, two are named by
Governor Albert C. Rtchie in February and two
by Mayor Broening in March, and the board it-
self chooses twelve.
The mayors of Baltimore have always made.
a practice of naming one white and one colored
member. The governors of Maryland have al-
ways named only white persons.
It seems to be a strange thing that this pro-
cedure has so long continued, yet it has, despite
the fact that Maryland and Baltimore have al-
ways been committed to a separate school system,
and Cheltenham has been adversely reported on
by grand juries for the past five years.
Since all the inmates at Cheltenham are
colored, both mayor and governor should have
enough courage and sufficient confidence in the
colored population to name colored men and
women to these boards and entrust to them the
problem of making Cheltenham the kind of
reform school the state ought to have,
It is not enough for the chief executives of the
city and of the state to say that Cheltenham is
a private institution and nothing can be done.
This can be done responsible colored persons
can be placed by them on the Cheltenham
board. Until this is done, neither state nor city
has done its duty by the colored people.
N. Y's Number, 210,000
There is always a large number of persons
whose names never get on, the U.S. census books.
Some do not think it advisable to have the
police know where they live. Others have no
permanent domicile, and still others are asleep
}
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.