Legless Dancer Has no
Fear of Best Steppers
Guy Allen Queen Lost Limbs in City's Biggest Snow. 1898.
When Guy Allen Queen, 771 West | Daly's Theatre 011 Pennsylvania
Saratoga Street, lost both legs by a Avenue, now the Lincoln; at the
surgical operation during Baltimore's Palace and at a number of private
greatest blizzard in 1898, he wasn't engagements. He isn't behind, either,
downhearted a bit. 2. he had a in styles of stepping. He is a mas
pair of shoes built, practiced walk-ter of tap dancing and declares that
ing on his remaining knee-caps and he is able to hold his own dancing
went to work.
Queen, who is regularly employed with the best of the wonen ballroom
as errand and handy man by a Lex- | dancers.
ington Market butcher, lost his legs
At Cheltenham
from exposure to cold weather. He Allen doesn't go in for girls, and
had left home when only fourteen vows that he will never get married-
years of age, and "parked" anywhere times are too tight, he says. Six
he could at nights. Both legs were years (from the age of fifteen to
frozen, he says, and then they be- twenty-oner he says, were spent at
came blood poisoned, making their Cheltenham, the boys' reformatory
amputation necessary, at the Frank- of this state. There he became an
lin Square Hospital. Already home-expert broommaker. One of his
less, Guy took stock of his other schoolmates, he says, was Johnny
I that son etl Hudgins, now a world-famous come-
losses and
had to be done-n and there.
Coal Job Worst
His subsequent employment has
placed him in ditches shoveling,
cleaning stables nd following a la-
4
dian. Allen says that Hudgins's ir-
repressible pranks even then brought
delight to the other boys and pun-
ishment to Hudgins.
Must Be Dancer
borer's life in all sections of the city. Allen is a Catholic; will be 43 on
His hardest job, he said, was driv- Sunday; doesn't smoke, and has one
ing a coal wagon. And what do you ambition; that is to be a dancer-one
suppose was his easiest? Here goes who earns money. Allen's employer
dancing-without en instructor. And gives him a fine recommendations
despite the loss of his legs, he can an 2 worker, and says that his ability
step with the rest.
Can Tap, Too
for securing handouts and other
"free doings" is unmatchable and
He has appeared a week in old unashamed
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.