German Communists Make
Second Attack on Consulate
LEIPSIC, Germany-A second at-
tack on the American consulate was
made here last week when a num-
ber of young Communists huried a
bottle containing a note protesting
against the proposed execution of the
nine boys at Scottsboro, Alabama,
through the window of the place.
Alleged Firebug Sent
to Cheltenham School
TOWSON. Md.-Henry Williams,
15, charged with setting fire to a barn
on the farm of a white man, was sent
to the House of Reformation at Chel-
tenham here last week..
Washington Elected to Executive
..
Committee of Social Work Conference
-
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.-(ANP) his behalf. J. O. Thomas served as
Forrester B. Washington, director of his campaign manager.
the Atlanta School of Social Work,
0-
was elected to membership Natiothe Hold Mixed Group
Conference of Social Work here last
week at its annual meeting.
for Extortion
The elevation of Mr. Washington
to this post is regarded as a signal
PHILADELPHIA-Tony Sims, 33,
honor, reflecting credit upon the en- and wife, Casinde, 28, Mrs. Sadie Ros-
tire group of colored social workers en and husband, Rube, the latter
in the country as the National Con-white, were arrested last Friday after
ference is the leading body of its R. A. Crawford, white, a druggist,
kind in America.
Robert R. Moton was appointed
some years ago.. Eugene Kinckle
Jones, executive secretary of the Na-
tional Urban League, was elected
three times.
complained to police that an attempt
had been made to extort $300 from
him.
Crawford told Lieutenant of Detec-
tives Jeffers that Sims bought a bot-
tle of poison in his store and: after
that Mrs. Sims and Rosen came in
and demanded money from him un-
der threat of exposure.
The druggist told the women to
return in the evening, he said, and
then notified the detectives, who ar-
rested them on their return.:,
Mr. Washington received the second
largest number of votes accorded any
of the ten candidates only five of
whom could be elected. The term of
office, is for three years. Approxi-
mately 3,000 delegates of the 5,000
who hold membership were present.
Of these one hundred were colored.. The women are charged with con-
The National Urban League secre-spiracy to extort and blackmail, Sims
taries who were present in force ral- is held as a material witness and
lied to the support of Mr. Washing- Rube Rosen is charged with being an
ton, contacting their white friends in accessory before and after the ne fact.