Reforming the Reform
Schools
Judge J. S. Waxter's courageous address before
the Interdenominational and Interracial Minis-
ters Alliance of the city last week in which he
exposed conditions at Melvale and Cheltenham,
deserves the thanks of the entire city.
Despite unfavorable reports of grand juries for
the past ten years and the periodic protests of
various individuals in these columns, Baltimore
has slept contentedly while its semi-public re-
form schools for colored girls and boys have de-
generated under private management into breed-
ing places for criminals and sadists.
Judge Waxter's exposures include the follow-
ing:
1. Sixty-five out of one hundred girls at Melvale
Reform School have some form of social disease,
contracted for the most part within the institution.
2. In nearly every case girls are homosexualists.
3. No school, no recreation, no knives and forks at
table.
4. Conditions at Cheltenham school for boys, slight-
ly improved.
Who is to blame for this?
First of all, these conditions are to be blamed
on those members of the board appointed by the
governor, and those by the mayor to guard the
state's and the city's interests.
Their willingness to assume responsibility may
be judged from their reaction to Judge Waxter's
expose.
City Councilman J. Warren Burgess, white, re-
cently appointed, has never been to Melvale.
Mr. George M. Griffith, white, two years on the
board, has visited the institution twice but has
noted none of the conditions referred to.
Nine "good and true" members of the Melvale
board through negligence and incompetency,
have been unable to discover conditions which
Mrs. Marie O. Bauernschmidt, after one visit,
described as "painfully unsanitary," requiring
public intervention at once.
Fixing responsibility in this case, however
culpable it may be, does not clean up Melvale
and Cheltenham, does not reclaim and reform the
sadists there soon to be turned back into society
to pollute it further.
The bi-racial committee has offered its ser-
vices. Its success in securing and administering
new funds for city recreation under supervision
of the Playground Athletic League has already
been noted.
It should have public support in its effort to
effect reforms at these two reform schools.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.