A VOTE FOR
BROENING
IS A VOTE FOR JUSTICE
Richie’s Record As To The
Negro, A Foul Blot To The Fair
Name of Maryland
Broening’s Record One of
Fairness and Liberality
Mayor Broening’s record in connection of this class is
open to inspection and examination. No one can success-
fully and justly assail the Mayor of Baltimore during his
entire term.
If Ritchie comes in he will carry into the gubernatorial
office the same spirit which has made him as Mayor
and as the Governor of the people. In all affairs there can
be no question that Mayor Broening is a man of the people
and is after that by the people of the Commonwealth;
in developing the same in a progressive manner and in the
right spirit for all the people in the State and building in
one of the more progressive cities of the country.
And by this new wave of population and development the
Negroes will be benefited and will be more than recognized
and will be given a square deal by Mayor Broening if he
entered the office of Mayor of Baltimore.
As Mayor he has been in all inequalities armed with
colored citizens and he has given them the same oppor-
tunity as the white people to fill the Mayor of the
all the people in the city of people, in the more central
Atlantic States.
In this first time a similar for planning to give a square
deal of adjusting equal to the land in every city in the matter.
And in this construction program he included fully and com-
pletely the colored people in the erection of Frederick Doug-
lass School, the largest and finest high school building in the
United States, and the largest and finest high school in the
United States for Justice High School. Different sections of the
city, material age which he found unable to Mayor Broening
he has replaced with new, modern, up-to-date fully
equipped buildings.
He has given also to the colored schools, colored pupils in
materials and powers until now the stranger has rendered
disinterested service with the money for the schools every
year. He is a $200,000.000 and for colored playgrounds
at Druid Hill Park, both inside courts for colored players,
equipped playgrounds for colored children in the parks and
playgrounds and he has established a free spirit to improve
and attend to these institutions.
Hundreds of colored men are employed in the various
Departments of the City Government Administration and are
given to them to the adjunct offices of Baltimore with no
discrimination whatsoever.
Mayor Broening is the first of the people, his heart
is in a right property, in working people, men, women,
black and down both of the people to do for our early
ever, and all to be all worthy citizens to help to improve
and there and all to be all worthy citizens to improve and
for them in a long days.
If the Negroes Helped to Defeat Judge
Parker for His Utterances Against the
Negro—Are You Going to Let Ritchie
Get Away With This?
A STATEMENT BY REV. HOWARD E. YOUNG,
President, Colored People’s Suffrage Club
Vote for
WILLIAM F. BROENING
Republican Candidate for GOVERNOR of Maryland
David A. Robb, Attorney General
W. Newton Jackson for Comptroller
and the STRAIGHT REPUBLICAN TICKET
Dr. Charles S. Warner, Clerk of Court of Appeals
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.