Baltimore Should Protest Against This Nuisance.
To the Editor:
Investigation will prove that a nuisance is
prevalent in Baltimore, which does not exist in
many large cities-North or South. The nuisance
is the littering of the streets and vestibules of
colored people's homes with hand-bills and all
other cheap form of advertisements.
In nearly every city, there is a city ordinance
against this procedure. Two towns in California
have legislated against this nuisance in the past
three months.
The postman in Northwest Baltimore, in many
cases, must move advertisements from our mail
boxes in order to deposit our mail. The city
council would render invaluable service to the
tax-payers if an ordinance were passed which
would do away with this nuisance.
A community cannot be sanitary if the alleys,
gutters, doorways and streets are littered with
paper blowing every direction, scattering the filth
in gutters. Let's fight the nuisance.
HENRY F. ARNOLD,
No Booing at Lincoln Debate. Pennsylvania Men
Defeated Fisk as Well as West Virginia State.
To the Editor:
I notice on the front page of this week's AFRO-
AMERICAN an account of the debate between
teams from the West Virginia State College and
Lincoln University, in which it was stated that
Lincoln's victory by a two to one decision of the
judges was "booed" by the students here. As
chairman of the faculty committee on debating,
might I be permitted to correct this very erron-
eous statement?
Our president, a number of the faculty, and a
fine representation from the student body were
present at the debate, and all of us can testify
that there was applause, but no booing (either
inside or outside the auditorium) when the de-
cision was rendered. On the contrary it seems to
be the very general opinion here that the decision
should have been unanimous in our favor. I say
this only to contradict in the most emphatic
manner the false report of your correspondent,
whoever he might be.
I regret all the more the unfortunate impres-
sion which this article will make, because one of
the most promising of our debaters is one of your
own Baltimore boys, Clarence M. Mitchell. For
his sake as well as for the sake of the others
on the team, would you be willing to correct the
misrepresentation made regarding them and the
attitude of their fellow students toward them?
Let me also say that two of this same team,
Messrs. Chapman and Mitchell, met this week in
New York a finely equipped team from Fisk Uni-
versity in one of the best debates it has been my
pleasure of listening to; and in this case also
they won a two to one decision of the judges.
ROBERT M. LABAREE.
Dept. of Social Science, Lincoln University.
Travelling in Jim Crow Dixie Which Promises,
But Rarely Gives, Equal Pullman Accommoda-
tions.
To the Editor:
There are many interesting, though annoying
paradoxes that confront one in the South to-day.
Though I was able to get Pullman accommoda-
tions out of New York to Atlanta, where I slept
in the same car with white passengers, men and
women, I was not permitted to eat in the dining
car with white passengers, as though there was
some great and fundamental difference involved.
It is customary, according to some of the Negro
leaders in the South, for Negro passengers to be
given Lower 13, which is the drawing room, in
order to keep them out of the body of the car,
so as to avoid contact with the white passengers.
But on this trip, I had Lower 6 which is in the
body of the car-going to Atlanta. No regular,
invariable rule with respect to accommodations
for Negroes seems to prevail.
Even coming out of Augusta to Atlanta, while
considerable juggling and insistence was re-
quired to get a berth, finally Lower 1 was secured.
The previous week, Dr. Channing Tobias, na-
tional colored Y.M.C.A. secretary, had secured
sleeping car accommodations out of Augusta, but
was given Lower 13 or the drawing room.
It may be interesting to know in this connec-
tion, too, that traveling from Augusta to Atlan-
ta is intra-state, which renders the securing of
sleeping car accommodations more unusual.
New York City.
A PHILIP RANDOLPH.
Judge Waxter is the Grandson of the Late Gen-
eral Thomas J. Shryock.
To the Editor:
Judge Waxter, of the juvenile court, is a young
man. His work on behalf of our group should
not fail of the highest appreciation upon our
part.
When others of his kind discern how sincerely
such efforts are appreciated by the thoughtful
class of colored people, they will more and more
be inclined to join in the fight for justice and
fair treatment of their colored brethren.
The grandfather of the judge, General Thomas
J. Shryock, a generation ago, was one of the
best and staunchest friends we have ever had I
knew him well, and worked with him. Lying be-
fore me is a letter of his to me, under date of
March 28, 1901, in which he uses the following
language:
"I can assure you that I have held you in the
highest regard since our work together in behalf
of the re-election of Governor Lowndes. You are
one of those with whom I came in contact whom
believe one can tie to."
Under the presidency of General Shryock, the
first general improvements were made at Chel-
tenham. One colored teacher, and two colored
men, heads of departments, were appointed dur-
ing his administration, and he was minded grad-
ually, to extend the same kind of service through-
out that institution. He was of old "Abolition
stock," and a man that demanded a square deal
for all.
I am glad that his grandson has interested
himself in this work, and I trust that through his
efforts other white men of his standing may be
interested, and finally, that we may have such
institutions for the care and training of colored
delinquents as will be a credit to the State of
Maryland.
GEORGE F. BRAGG, Jr.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.