Same Cheltenham Reports, But No Action, Says
the Reverend Mr. Bragg; and He Suggests a
Plan.
To the Editor:
According to the Baltimore Sun of August 24,
1898, adverse criticisms of the management of
Cheltenham have been made, dating back to
that early period. The Sun of that date, said:
The grand jury Committee on the House
of Reformation for Colored Boys, at Chel-
tenham, submitted a special report yester-
day commending the management and con-
dition of that institution, but stating that the
punishments inflicted on the youthful in-
mates have been too severe.
"We regret to say, that in our opinion," the
report states, "the punishments have been
too severe, better suited for hardened adult
criminals than for incorrigible youths. We
are pleased to report that the management
have promised to modify this somewhat what by
doing away with the more severe methods.
"In this connection one of the great needs
of the institution is a strong guard build-
ing, where uncontrollable inmates may safe-
ly be confined under proper police protec-
tion.
"We believe that kind treatment and moral
suasion will do more to serve the purpose of
the institution than harsh and severe pun-
ishments."
For more than a third of a century these criti-
cisms have been made, and yet the whole situa-
tion is entirely unsatisfactory.
Now, my suggestion is just this: Let our
preachers' meetings and other organizations pass
resolutions requesting the Hon. Wm. Cabell
Bruce, and the Hon. M. A. Soper, to take the
leadership in this matter, and direct it in the
most effective way of accomplishing results. In
a matter of this kind Senator Bruce will do
for us gladly what we could not pay him to do
for us as an attorney.
In a matter of this character we need the lead-
ership of men of the class we have named. And
that class of men would willingly do more for
us if they could only feel that such services
would be duly appreciated by the colored race.
As a matter of fact, in a recent personal letter
received from Senator Bruce, among other
things, he said:
I am, indeed, eager that full justice should
be done, in every respect, to my colored fel-
low citizens, and I can not see how any pub-
lic man who has the slightest pretensions to
the character of a statesman could be other-
wise. I do not have to go outside of my own
household to find illustrations of the high
level of moral worth on which the lives of
some of my colored fellow citizens move.
Let our public spirited men and women, in-
terested in improved conditions for our delin-
quent colored boys and girls, address a line to
Senator Bruce and Judge Soper, conscripting
them for such public service on behalf of those
of the community who need it most.
Baltimore.
GEO. F. BRAGG, Ir.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.