Low Mentality Shown
by Tests at Cheltenham
BOWIE, Md.-Intelligence
test given by Nicholas Orem,
white superintendent of pub-
lic schools in Prince Georges
County, and scores tabulated
and graphed by the principal
and faculty at Bowie State
Normal School indicates that
the 172 inmates of the Md.
House of Reformation at Chel-
tenham are of average low in-
telligence.
The boys, whose ages range from
eight to seventeen years, have an
average age of 14.4 years, but an av-
average mental age only 9.3.
Tests would seem to indicate that
93 boys with ages varying from 11 to
14 have still the mental equipment
of a boy of 9.
With 100 per cent regarded as nor-
mal, the 172 boys showed a median
intelligence quotient of 70.2.
Only one boy of normal intelligence
was found.
Schools and
Colleges
Alphas Stage Go-to-High
Go-to-College Week
Eighty-five chapters of the Alpha
Phi Alpha, a college fraternity, open
their national "Go-to-High-School,
Go-to-College Week," May 4th.
One hundred speakers with the aid
of stereopticon slides, circulars, bul-
letins, personal letters, and placards
are behind the cmapaign to fight il-
literacy by urging school children to
stay in school.
State directors are New Jersey, Dr.
Ferdinand G. Williams; Maryland,
P. D. G. Pennington; North Carolina,
L. H. Trigg; New York, Myles A.
Paige; Pennsylvania, R. Maurice
Moss; Delaware, Dr. Francis T. Jami-
son; Washington, D.C., Woodley E.
Lawrence; South Carolina, Sidney R.
Williams; West Virginia, J. A. Shel-
ton; Virginia, L. S. Palmer.
0
At Wilberforce
WILLS MONEY TO WILBERFORCE
WILBERFORCE, O.-Rev. Joseph Stiles, Ja-
maica, L.I., for several years pastor of
Allen Chapel A.M.E. Church, bequeathed
third of his $75,000 estate and a legacy
of $300 for a memorial window in the musi-
cal conservatory, to Wilberforce University,
according to his will which was admitted to
probate Monday.
President Jones announced in chapel Fri-
day a recent lagacy of $1,000, the gift of
Mrs. Emily J. Howland, Auburn, N.Y.
DR. JONES "GUIDE RIGHT" SPEAKER
President Gilbert H. Jones, of the univer-
sity, will be the principal speaker at the
"Guide Right" exercises of the Cleveland
Alumni Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fra-
ternity, Sunday afternoon, May 4, at St.
Paul A.M.E. Zion Church, Cleveland.
OHIO PEACE ORATIONS
Wilberforce was represented at the fifth
annual Ohio Peace Association Oratorical
Contest, Friday afternoon at Capital Uni-
versity, Columbus, Ohio, by Andrew Hughey,
senior in Payne Theological Seminary.
UNIVERSITY HEALTH WEEK
Mrs. Mary Carterwright of the State
department of health and Judge S. C.
Wright, of the juvenile court, Xenia, Ohio,
telked to student groups of the university,
Wednesday, as the features of University
Health Week.
At Lincoln "U"
BALTIMORE PREACHER HERE
On Wednesday morning, Rev. Euclid
Phillips, of Baltimore, visited the campus.
During his stay he honored students of the
Theological Seminary of the university with
a lecture on "Recent Translations of the
Bible."
GLEE CLUB CONCERT
The annual concert, promenade and dan-
sant will take place on the evening of May
D, at the chapel and Livingstone Hall.
This event is a swanky affair that draws
celebrities from far and near. The Glee
Club is directed by J. E. Dorsey, former
Tuskegee jubilee singer and now professor
of music here..
RECEPTION FOR ATHLETES
The Athletic Association of the university
will entertain visiting athletes to the annual
Lincoln University Track and Field Meet,
to an informal reception and dance on
May 10, after the track meet.
CAMPUS SPOTLIGHT
The Lincoln News, a student publication,
says: "We colored folk may or may not
question the superiority of the white man.
That is left to the individual's own way of
thinking. But we cannot deny that we be-
long to the great body of the oppressed, and
that we are subject to the exploitation of
the powers that be. To us it is no question
of Nordic superiority, rather it should be
a question of reaching a definite millenium,
in reaching a greater racial harmony. This
does not imply subservience.
"Some say that the Negro is not a social
animal; that he cannot fit into the social
scheme of the superior group. Neither is
that social group a social animal in denying
the Negro a chance to equip himself for
that social scheme."
!
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.