LOOKING AT THE STARS
with
RALPH MATTHEWS
PAUL ROBESON Has He a Right to be Sore
with the Tabloid Papers?
PAUL ROBESON has threatened to sue several New York tabloids
for associating his name with that of NANCY CUNARD, the daughter
of the late steamship magnate.
MISS CUNARD came to Harlem to gather material for her book on
"Color," and the matronalitan dailies made much ado over the fact,
rushing to print with a lot of im-
plications, in which ROBESON'S
name was used. All of the facts in
the case were carried in THE
AFRO last November.
MR. ROBESON does not object
to being called a "friend" of MISS
CUNARD'S because of any person-
al objection he has to her. He
does, however, object to the inti-
mation that their relationship was
intimate, because he knows only
too well, what effect such a false
impression will have on his career
in America.
He realizes that there is no surer
way for a colored artist to sign his
own death warrant than to have
his name connected with that of a
white woman.
Paul Robeson
The first advice that JESSIE
SHIPP, the dean of the Negro the-
atre, gave BERT WILLIAMS when
he was offered a contract to appear
in the Ziegfeld Follies, was to keep
clear of all compromising situa-
tions with the women in the cast.
BERT became a success, and died
honored by all. BILL ROBINSON owes his success to following the
same code.
1
i
MR. ROBESON is right in defending his name against such insin-
uations. The connection was nothing short of a bit of subtle propagan-
da to undermine the popularity of the artist, which he could not afford
to let go unchallenged at this time.
ALLEN DREW
*
***
When the Screen Kills the
Stage He Won't Work.
He's an elongated sort of fellow with a gift for gab. ALLEN DREW
is the type of comedian who depends on a magnetic personality plus a
wealth of well selected material, to put his act across. He does not
use cork.
He was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, 26 years ago, and started shifting
for himself at the age of twelve. He drifted into Chicago when he was
21 and began to try his hand, or feet to be exact, in Charleston contests.
Having won several, he was picked up by CRACKSHOT HACKLY and
given his first stage break. He made out fairly well under the tutelage
of this clever comedian and tried his luck in the night clubs as an
entertainer.
After a while he tired of Chicago and determined to tackle New
York. Upon his arrival in Harlem he found the syndicate so tight that
he could not break through and was on the verge of deserting Gotham
when who should he bump into again, but CRACKSHOT HACKLY.
Hackley introduced him to the powers that be in Harlem and he began
to work. They let him try his hand in the Douglass Theatre for four
days. He stayed there six weeks. His name was made in Harlem. He
later went into the Lenox Club as master of ceremonies.
It is his ambition to be a white collar comedian. He prefers to be
known as the maestro of comedy. His hobbies are shooting pool and
watching other comedians work. He spends most of his spare time in
theatres studying other actors. He is the proud papa of one child.
When asked if he had ever been discouraged enough to give up the stage,
he declared that such a thought had never entered his head. "I want
to be a comedian," he said, "and nothing else. When there isn't any
more stage, I just won't work."
Hen, Ken and Ben Their Parents Wanted Them
to be School Teachers.
You'll see three little boys at the Royal Theatre this week, about
four feet tall, who dance like their very lives depend on it.
As a matter of fact their lives do depend on it. These kids have
got to prove to their parents that their's was the better judgment when
they quit high school to become dancers instead of staying on and
cramming their heads full of book learning as their parents intended.
Their names are HENRY MATTHEWS, JR., KENNETH MARTIN-
DALE and BENJAMIN ROBERTS. That's how they got their names of
HEN, KEN and BEN. They all went to the Texal High School in Har-
lem, but had no idea of becoming dancing partners. Texal High is a
co-educational school and the boys say that if it had not been for this
fact, they might have continued, but they were financially unable to
dress as they would like to with so many girls passing on their
appearance.
One night all three were broke and there was a dance contest being
staged at a Harlem dance hall, in which good money was being offered.
KEN and BEN originated a dance called the "Bugle Blues" and the three
went up to try their luck. The result was that they not only came off
with flying colors and a pocket full of cash, but also the realization that
they had invented a dance that had sales possibilities. The trio got to-
gether and perfected their dance and have been clicking ever since.
* *
From Hollywood
*
Mr. Muse's Favorite Joke
and Good Fortune.
David Arlen, a Hollywooder, sends the following info:
CLARENCE MUSE tells the story of a minister friend of his
who married a young couple. "How much?" asked the groom after
the ceremony. "Whatever you think it's worth," said the minister.
The young man hesitated, then handed him fifty cents. The
minister was a good sport. He counted out twenty cents in change
and smiling amiably at the young man, returned it to him.
MUSE has also been awarded a featured role in "Is My Face
Red?" at the R-K-O studios. He has just completed an appear-
ance in "New York Town," for First National, in which he appears
as a night club entertainer, singing two songs.
Muse has composed a song. "Behind the Cabin Door," which
has been purchased by First National for Richard Barthelmess's
latest picture, "Cabin in the Cotton." It will be sung by a Negro
chorus of fifty voices. Muse has a prominent character role in
this picture, also.
And while we're on the subject, a Baltimore night club waitress is
anxious for MR. MUSE to reimburse her for the money she spent for
lawyer's fees to keep his son out of Cheltenham. She can be reached
at 1031 McCulloh Street.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.