Three Boys Ordered
To Reform School
Facing accusation of violating
state felony and misdemeanor laws,
three boys were ordered sent to the
Cheltenham Reformatory, this week.
Arraigned in the Juvenile Court
before Judge Waxter, the boys gave
their names as: Oscar Allen, 14, 1
Port Deposit, Md.: Ernest Johnson,
14. 1142 N. Carrollton Avenue, and
Arthur Clark, 927 McDonough.
SIFTING THE NEWS
By RALPH MATTHEWS
RELIGIOUS RACKETEERS
Baltimore readers who have been following the trials and tribula-
dons of Father Divine might be interested in knowing that the good
prophet did not descend from heaven at all, but was at one time a
Baltimore hedge-cutter.
It was in his home here in Baltimore that he got the idea that
he would like to be "God," it has been revealed by the Rev. St. Bishop,
The Vine.
In a statement to the press this week by the Rev. St. Bishop, he has
the following to say:
Not only did I teach Divine. but I taught Steamboat Bill-
you know, Joe Worlds, Divine's old running mate. It was I who
first pronounced the theory that God was within man. I made
that statement in 1912 when I was staying at Divine's house in
Baltimore, and Divine-he was only George Baker, a hedge-cut-
ter, at that time-grabbed it and started out preaching that it
had come to him from Heaven. It ain't right, if you know what
I mean.
This merely proves that even the business of getting people into
heaven has been reduced to a racket and the racketeers are stealing
each other's thunder.
OKLAHOMA TEACHES BANDITS
Bank bandits who attempted to rob the Farmers and Merchants
Bank at Boley, Okla., found that the idea some seek to create about
the Negro's inability to conduct business, was erroneous.
Two of the bandits, one white and one colored, are dead from
the bullets of a colored bank teller. Many are afraid to entrust their
money to our banks. H. C. McCormick, the fearless teller, who shot
It out with the bandits before he let them carry off the bank's money,
proved that when it comes to risking one's life, the colored teller is all
there.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.