The Laugh Is on Us
Readers of the early edition of the AFRO for the
current week were informed of the Scriptural contradic-
tions discovered by the Rev. Dr. Harry Emerson Fosdick,
who points out that only 5,500 Hebrews were freed in
Egypt instead of 600,000; and instead of one set of Ten
Commandments, there were two.
Dr. Fosdick, after a trip to the Holy Land, observes
that a traveler is immediately impressed with the fact
that it would have been a physical impossibility for the
number of people mentioned in the Biblical narrative to
have lived in the land of Goshen.
Although well founded, Dr. Fosdick's contradictions
will have little effect upon alleged Christians, because
few churchgoers of either race take religion or the Bible
or anything connected therewith seriously any more, since
everyday life as practiced by the world at large is itself
a complete contradiction of everything the Bible sets
forth.
Devout churchgoers whoop it up for brotherly
love and champion the cause of segregation, discrimina-
tion and Jim Crow.
Pious charlatans weep crocodile tears over Pha-
raoh's oppression of the Hebrew children, while they
squeeze the life blood out of their own employees with
long hours, intolerable conditions and low wages.
Mealy-mouthed hypocrites mourn and lament over
the crucifixion of Christ while they turn a deaf ear to the
wails of agony of innocent men and women who are meet-
ing similar fates at the hands of modern lynchers.
While it is highly probable that the early chroniclers,
unassisted by modern tabulating equipment, may have
been a little off in their arithmetic, we can imagine what
a laugh they would get picking out the contradictions in
practices of the supposedly Christian nations after 1933
years in which to evolve some degree of perfection.
The laugh is on us, not the Bible.
Six Boys Sent
tot Cheltenham
= Implicated in a series of misde-
meanors, of snatching pocketbooks,
entering stores of misbehaving, six
boys were ordered sent to the Chel-
tenham reform school after hear-
ing in the Juvenile Court by Judge
Thomas Waxter, this week.
The boys ordered to the school
were Joseph Dean, 14, 924 Mason
Street, Alonzo urley, 14, 1535 Les-
lie Street, Manning Burns, 948
Durham Street, Grafton Wormack,
11, 909 Tyson, Frederick Combs, 16,
822 Whatcoat Street and Robert
Taylor, 14, 1428 Orleans Street.
2 HELD FOR DRY VIOLATION
-0-
Arthur Miles, 36, 1032 Brantley
Street, and John Blackwell, 39, 839
Franklin Street, were arrested by
Federal Agent Norwood Green and
held for the United States Com-
missioner on charges of transport-
ing and possession of intoxicants.