Afro Offers Extra
$100forSpanking
Letters; Game Getting Interesting
The AFRO Spanking Editor is
Winners of First $100 to be Announced in Next Week's o conviction. He doesn't know
Afro (Week of July 2). Readers Still Have Chance whether to spank his children or
to Cop Some of this Easy Kale. First Letters Show not. When they are good, he is sure
they cught not to be spanked. When
Afro Folks Divided, 18 Say "Spank," 15 Say "Don't they soak Bill Peter's boy, Junior,
Spank." Philadelphia Reader Thinks Children of
Today Need Whipping More than those of 50 Years
Ago. Washington Mother Disagrees, Saying if You
Spank You Don't Know How to Handle Your Child.
The Rules
Here are the rules:
(1) Write one paragraph only.
The shorter, the better. Not more
than 30.words. Use one side of the
paper only.
but write plainly.
mission of the AFRO-AMERICAN
to offer another one hundred dol-
lars for the best answers.
Total is $200 Now
Here is how matters stand now:
$100 will be awarded for the best
(2) Write with pencil cr with ink, letters received up to July 2; and a
(3) For the best views on this sub-second $100 will be awarded for the
ject the AFRO will give $50 for first best answers received up to July 9.
prize; second prize, $10; third prize,
$5, and 35 $1izes.
(4) Send in as many answers as
you wish, but put each one on a
separate piece of paper,
In each case the first awa will
be $50, the second awards will
$10, the third awards will be $5, and
there will be 35 awards of $1 each.
No more fascinating game has
been devised for AFRO readers than
themselves on this spanking ques-
The fact that old man Soleman
talked about "he problem 4,000 ears
(5) No answers received after Fri-
day, July 2. Awards will be an- the invitation to them to express
nounced in the AFRO of July 9.
(6) Watch next week's AFRO for tion.
announement of
game.
a
AFRO new
in the eye, throw stones at Jim
Johnson's dog, upset the flowers in
Mrs. Terry's window box and
mark chalk all over the Williams's
sidewalk, I am sure something ought
to be done about it besides a mild'
reproof.
Maybe you haven't any children
that need spanking, but your neigh-
bors have. Tell the AFRO Spank-
ing Editor why you think they need
a whipping.
Don't delay, send in your answers
today. One of them may take one
of these two $50 prizes. Besides
there are now two ten-dollar awards
two five-dollar awards and seventy
$1 awards to shoot at.
Next week's AFRO will give you
the first set of winners. Be sure to
see it and find out if you are the
lucky one to cop that $50.
Address your letters to the AFRO
Spanking Editor, 628 N. Eutaw
Street, Baltimore, Md.
What Readers say
Address your letters to the ago indicates that the question is this Week
AFRO-AMERICAN Spanking Edit-las old as the human race.
or. 628 N. Eutaw Street, Baltimore,
Md.
The fact that the first day's mail
brought letters from 18 AFRO read-
ers who favored the whipping of
To spank or not to spank your children when they needed it and
child. that is the question.
15 who said they do not ever favor
And because the comments of whipping them also indicates that
AFRO readers on this weighty sub- parents are as much divided on the
ject are just getting interesting, the subject as they were in Solomon's
Spanking Editor has gotten per-day.
THESE SAY "DON'T SPANK"
Children shouldn't be beat because of
the depression. One reason is that moth-
ers have to buy so rany pairs of trous-
ers. She has no money left after buy-
ing trousers,
1349 N. Stricker St., ADRIAN DATCHER
Spanking not necessary: gain confi-
dence of the cr, talk to him, don't
Continued on Page 21
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.