Shaking Hands With the
Scottsboro Boys
Ralph Matthews's interview with the Scotts-
boro boys published in last week's AFRO-AMERI-
CAN, presents a human side of this case that
has not been emphasized.
They have been represented as nine innocent
boys, wrongfully imprisoned for three years and
condemned to death.
In two trials in lower courts, and in two ap-
peals to higher courts, these boys have simply
been human types without individuality, rarely
referred to by name and usually grouped with
others as the "Scottsboro Boys."
Mr. Matthews certainly begins the process of
Individualization. Haywood Patterson is the lead-
er and handles the fan mail. He wants to get
out and see his people, to go to work and raise
a family.
Patterson wants to be a bell-boy; Ossie Powell
an office boy: Eugene Williams wants to learn
typewriting; Allie Montgomery would be Pull-
man porter.
Down the list it goes. Each has his own eager-
ness to get out of jail and each his own plan
how to build a future out of a bad beginning.

Boldly, Honestly and
Without Equivocation
Harry W. Nice, Republican, who needed less
than a hundred votes to defeat Albert C. Ritchie
for Governor several years ago, has his hat in the
ring again.
Item number three in his recent "political.
talk" to fellow Republicans, calls upon them "TO
MEET ALL ISSUES BOLDLY, HONESTLY AND
WITHOUT EQUIVOCATION."
If that is good medicine for the party, it is
also good medicine for the candidate. So we ask
Mr. Nice a few questions:
Mr. Nice, if the people elect you Governor of
the State, would you:
1. Wipe out the race lines in the State laws
governing pay of county school teachers?
2. Pledge your party to erase the Jim Crow
car laws off the statute books?
3. Substitute for Cheltenham a State reform
school for boys equal in equipment and promise
to the new Melvale Girls' Reformatory, built by
Governor Ritchie?
4. Pledge your party to provide equal facilities
for college and university education for all citi-
zens instead of just for whites as at present?
5. Pledge yourself to open every phase of State
employment to all citizens and see to it that
Negroes are employed in proportion to their party
strength?
These issues are simple, wise and just, Mr.
Nice. Do you dare meet them "boidly, honestly
and without equivocation?"

The Tuskegee Murders
In all that has been reported in these columns
concerning the three recent murders at Tuske-
gee Institute, there has been no expressed or im-
plied criticism of the administration of Dr. R. R.
Moton, the principal, except in one particular.
Goodness knows, our college and university
heads have enough troubles without burdening
them also with gratuitous criticism from a non-
educational source.
Dr. Moton has done a job which few people
thought could be done. He filled the shoes of
Booker T. Washington, not only consolidating the
gains made by Mr. Washington, but adding eight
millions in endowment and improvements in
plant, personnel and course of study.
Unfortunately, into that happy picture are
flung three killings, all of them brutal.
In two of the cases, the killer or killers
escaped. In the third case he was a crazy man,
whom many people knew was demented months
before the killing.
Unfortunately, also, murder is not a private
affair. It is a crime for which our laws provide
a definite procedure.
Individuals may think that the interests of the
schcol, or of a community warrant them in inter-
fering with orderly processes of grand jury in-
dictment and trial before a court. But no one
has a right to think himself beyond the law.
If Tuskegee has made any error at all, it seems
to have made it in assuming that a murder case
could be hushed up. It can't. It is as true today
as 6,000 years ago, "Murder will out."

Kidnaping Must Stop Or-
Beginning with one kidnaping in 1931, the
number increased to seven in 1932 and in the
first half of 1933 to twelve. The end of prohibi-
tion makes it necessary for bootleggers and rack-
eteers to seek a new field. They turned to kid-
kidnaping. Ransoms demanded vary from
$250,000 asked by the kidnapers of John O'Con-
nell in Albany, N.Y., to $30,000 paid for release
of Mary McElroy in Kansas City.
Except for one case in Atlanta and another
In Virginia, all kidnapings have happened in the
North. Lynchings are preceded by kidnaping.
and the South is especially skilled in all phases
of lynchings. If the North has more kidnapings,
it is because it has more rich people able to pay
ransoms.
The United States Department of Justice an-
nounces a campaign to wipe out kidnap gangs.
It is a little Cate. It would be much further
ahead had it acted directly after the stealing of
the Lindbergh baby, which, incidentally, was the
only kidnap case which has ended in murder.
National horror at the outcome of the Lind-
bergh case has probably caused quick compromise
in all eighteen kidnapings since. Victims have
been willing to pay, and the racketeers have
avoided killings.
We have demonstrated how to violate the
Prohibition Law and get away with it; how to
avoid income taxes and get away with it; how to
lynch Negroes and get away with it, and how to
violate all insurance and banking laws and get
away with that.
Our country today represents the sad spec-
tacle of wholesale conspiracies to beat the law.
If the kidnaping racket can be added to this
roll of national sins, we are that much closer to
ruin and decay.
If kidnapers can succeed, sooner or later, we
are all sunk.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.