Reprinted from Late Editions of Last Week
Why Ritchie Was Defeated
Harry W. Nice, Republican, was elected governor of
Maryland by some 5,543 votes over Governor Albert C.
Ritchie, Democrat.
Had 2,772 of those votes been cast for Mr. Ritchie
instead of Mr. Nice, they would have given Mr. Ritchie
a fifth term in the state house at Annapolis.
Strange, isn't it, that Governor Ritchie, who had been
elected to this same office in previous years by majorities
of forty to sixty thousand should, in thi sfinal plunge, bite
the dust by a mere 2,772 votes?
Yet it isn't strange to experienced politicians and for
that reason the AFRO, now that the election is over, takes
a minute to tell why the 2,772 votes were missing.
Here they are: In fifteen years the Democratic
party, under Governor Ritchie's leadership, has steadily
refused:
1. To appoint a single colored Democrat to a state
political office.
2. To name colored policemen for Baltimore.
3. To repeal the jim crow car law.
4. To equalize the salaries of county school teachers.
5. To appoint colored staffs for Crownsville State
Hospital for the Insane, or Henryton T. B. Sanitarium.
6. To aid Morgan College adequately or establish
a state university.
7. To establish a state school for delinquent boys in-
stead of the privately owned House of Reformation at
Cheltenham.
While Governor Ritchie vacationed in Europe, Mr.
Nice visited every hole and cranny in the state making
friends and soliciting support.
While the Democratic state platform contains no
single word of promise or encouragement to the colored
voters, the Republican platform, at Mr. Nice's directions,
pledges definite reforms in several of the items mentioned
above.
The Democratic party with a two-to-one registration
over the Republicans, has proceeded for fifteen years un-
der the assumption that it could win without its 15,000
registered colored voters in the state. So it can in many
elections. But the time came Tuesday when it needed
2,772 votes and it could not put its hands on them.
That is a lesson for the Democratic party which won
every important post on the state ticket except the gover
norship.
That is a lesson for Herbert O'Conor, who is flying
high and wide with a majority of 100,000 in his race for
the post of attorney-general of Maryland.
It's a lesson for Mayor Jackson of Baltimore, who
faces a probable primary next May.
Not a single one of the seven reforms mentioned
above would have menaced the credit of the state, or
alienated white supporters of the party. To the contrary
they constitute progressive steps which have been taken
in many states further South than Maryland.
The election is over. To use another expression,
the water is under the bridge. However, we repeat here,
the Democratic party can win elections without the col
what is today perfectly evident to everybody, namely, that
ored Democrats, but there are occasions when 2,772
votes are needed.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.