The Whirling Hub
By HERBERT TUCKER and ELLIOTT FREEMAN
BOSTON-There is a pinch-hitter in our midst! Our dear
friend Elliott has decided that a much-needed rest is the best thing
for him, and that there was no better time than Yuletide, so that he
can sit and wait patiently by his fireplace for good old Santa.
WHERE TO GO
*
* *
*
*
The T.I.D.'s are making a stab to come back into prominence
by giving a shipwreck party at 65 Munroe Street, December 21.
You are supposed to have been on the ship when it was wrecked.
Whatever you had on at the time, is what you are supposed to wear
to the party. I'll see you there. The Mizpahs, a club formed long
before my time and your time, is entertaining the public with a
dance at the Ritz Plaza during the Yuletide season.
DID YOU KNOW THAT?
*
* *
*
John Tyler, one of the presidents of the United States, sold his
white daughter into slavery because she fell in love with a slave
and eloped with him? The colored population of New York is
proportionately a third more intelligent than the white population?
A colored man invented the first clock made in America in 1754?
The city of Chicago was founded by a colored man in 1779? Jan
Matzeliger, a Dutch colored man living in Masachusetts, invented
the first machine for sewing the sole of shoes to the uppers? (It was
his invention that revolutionized the shoe-manufacturing business.)
The characters portrayed in the Bible are largely colored? The
fastest bicyclist of the world was a colored man by the name of M. W.
Taylor? A lowly Louisiana colored man, posing as Prince Apache
of Arizona, became the social lion of the elite of New York and Phila-
delphia about twenty years ago? Hair-straightening is not a mod-
ern idea? Blacks of Egypt straightened their locks about five thous-
and years ago?
* *
WHAT YOU OUGHT TO KNOW
*
*
Louis Davis, formerly of this city but now of Washington, has
returned to her native city for an indefinite stay. Her return may
mean the renewal of her childhood romance with Herbert Chelten-
ham.
Millie Braxton of Everett received a telephone call the other
day that sent her reeling. To whom the voice on the other side of
the wire belonged. I was not able to learn. Whoever it was, must be
a blip to have told her something that made her forget all about
the dinner she was eating at the time. Such is love!
Eva Moulton is said to be making trips to the Snowden house-
hold, now that it is time for the great O. Philip to return. There is
nothing like having two on the string, is there, Eva? (Aside to O.
Philip: your mother says for you to write to her, telling her your
plans for the holidays. Are stationery and stamps so scarce down
there?)
Curtis McLain has elected himself president of the mythical
"Back to Normal Club of Boston." Mac seems to feel that the social
standards of Boston have gone down too much. He feels that with
four colleagues he can bring Boston's social standards back to normal.
The former Jean Bonner of U Street, Cambridge, gave birth
to a diminutive baby not long ago. It is an incubator baby weighing
less than five pounds. Congratulations to you. Jean. Current
news has it that Bus Nurse will middle aisle it shortly with Beauteous
Erie.. What's sauce for the goose is often sauce for the gander! Con-
grats and rats from the gang. (Who is jealous?)
That the Brown Marlene is too lucky in numbers, is an event
long to be remembered, since she gives tips only to the femmes. It
would be wise to send your gals over sometimes, youse guys. You
might get rich quicker than you expect!
Through byways and highways it is flashed that a certain cor-
respondent has learned that the ex-boy friend still likes her a little
bit. Friends in Medford would like to see them reconciled. Gladys
Bracy was seen in a new make car with plates bearing Rhode Island
registrations. The question is: who was her escort? These Cam-
bridge girls certainly get around; don't they?
It seems that Gladys Wiggins still has a weak spot for her ex-
flame, if one were to judge by the way they were talking together
the other night. Gladys must have had a rather nice time at the
party on Thanksgiving night. So did tots of others, including Alice
Mills. Eva Wiggins is seen making weekly treks across the bridge
to West Springfield Street now. Evidently it is too cold for the boy
friend to make his way across the Charles. or he isn't that much
interested. We are led to believe that Teddy Anderson, member of
the junior debs, is giving Jimmy Butler, of Depression Hill, the gate.
Joe Grey, who is now in Arizona, is asking a certain Arlington
Street lass to act more naturally. Kitty Gaines seems to be having
plenty of competition, if we are to believe the latest bulletin. Wags
have it that a very sweet brown-skin minister and his wife's best
girl friend are that way about each other. The girl friend's hubby
has a hot temper, but everything is still O.K. because he is still in
the dark. Brother, you had better come out in the light before it
is too late.
Flash!! Saturday night the owl positively will appear at sev-
eral rent parties on the Hill.
*
WHAT YOU WOULD LIKE TO KNOW
*
What is the Owl and where can he or she be found? What has
happened to E. Brown these days? This is asked especially for the
benefit of a certain University City lass. Who is, and who is not,
going to receive invitations to the Junior League party during the
holidays? Why is it that Elaine Roberts, a girl with more charming
grace than most of the girls on the Hill, must consistently attend
the movies all by herself? What is Parson Charles Gabriel's story?
He has declared a moratorium on women through this column al-
most weekly and yet each time he is seen out he has a different
girl with him. We all thought the parson was a man of his word.
That's what thought does for you.
Jean Westmoreland, a school girl from D.C., says that Boston
fellows are the silliest she has ever met. Why is it that she continues
to go out with them? You can't tell me that that old adage about
a bird in the hand being worth two in the bush, has any effect on her.
*
* *
*
PERFECT MATCHES
A certain correspondent of this burg sent in the following
matches. In making these pairs he kept in mind the old universal
law that opposites attract and likes repel. Here is hoping that no
one takes this to heart and accuses yours truly of foul-play.
First, we have the perfect match of the Brown Adonis and that
most prominent member of the Little Women, our own Inez Russell,
of Sargent fame. Next comes the no less perfect match of Kenneth
McLain and that belle of Rhode Island, Josephine Edmonds. While
in the family, we must stop to consider little Curtis with the petite
and alluring Dibby Wilkins. Wallace Roundtree comes to the front
with Eleanor Smith, Ted Gould steps into the limelight with Mar-
garet O'Banion. William Johnson takes a liking to a great many,
but those in particular are Vera Sport, Virginia Ridley, Clarice Cưr-
tis and Dorothy Tell. Edward Hutchins is destined to be with Doro-
thea Lindenburger. John Tucker seems to prefer Yvette Keelan.
Jesse Williams paired with Olga White, Parson Charles Gabriel
shows preference to the buxom and debonair Eva Moulton. Ted
Louden is pre-destined to be with Myrtle Green, Craig York is
matched with his secret passion, Catherine Watson. Herb Chelten-
ham is hard to match, but the recent arrival of Louise Davis from the
District of Columbia solves the question. Connie Davis, without a
doubt, chooses the dapper Vinvent Wilbur. Julia Wormley and
Rollins Ross are mutually put together. Beautiful Louise Scott now
prefers the more mature type of boy friend, in the person of Oswald
Jordan. Corrinne Howe and Edward Ricker constitute a pair. And
how! Enough said! Georgette Foster and Wallace Owens, of Ever-
ett, seem to be solemnly laying their racket. Wallace seems to have
supplanted little Bussy in Georgette's heart. It seems that the ro-
mance between Evelyn Harvey and Norman Hornsby is quite in
bloom. What Franklin Street lass is keeping that Christmas mail
packed? Ten letters daily is what she sends through Uncle Sam.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.