THE WHIRLING HUB
By ELLIOTT FREEMAN
(O. Phillip Snowden substitutes this week for Elliott Freeman, now
on vacation.)
It was about this time last year that I substituted for Elliott
Freeman. If I remember correctly, I began the column by quoting
these beautiful lines from Keats's "Ode to Autumn." As autumn
is fast approaching, it would not be inappropriate, it seems to me,
to begin in similar wise:
Season of mists and mellow fruitfulness,
Close bosom-friend of the maturing sun;
Conspiring with him how to load and bless
With fruit the vines that round the thatch-eves run;
To bend with apples the moss'd cottage-trees,
And fill all fruit with ripeness to the core;
To swell and guard, and plump the hazel shells
With a sweet kernel
*****
These fair strains of poesy are as true today as yesterday,
and will be perennially so. Like the sages, of old, let us reflect
for a moment upon this thought and recall that though every-
thing seems in a state of flux, though governments may change,
though the harmony of world peace is threatened at every turn,
and though fortunes are lost over-night, that there are, after all,
certain abiding and permanent values which we are apt in un-
settled times to overlook.
*****
WHAT PEOPLE OUGHT TO KNOW
William Dean, prominent on the faculty at Atlanta University.
has returned to complete work on his doctor's degree at Harvard
University, which he hopes to receive in February.
Two of Boston's most prominent sons, Moreland Fort, former
stellar Boston University athlete, and Marion Fort, Tech graduate
and brilliant chemist, will trek altar-ward before Father Time
ushers in September.
Erskine G. Roberts, former M.I.T. graduate, who has been
serving in the capacity of superintendent of mechanical mainten-
ance at Tuskegee Institute, for the past two years, has been appoint-
ed to the faculty of the engineering school of Howard University.
Elwood McKinney, Harvard University sophomore, having
received a grade of "A" in all his courses the past year, is head-
ing Phi Beta Kappa-ward. Maybe McClane will have company.
In answer to the question of many, as to who is the most
outstanding Bostonian at Howard University, Stephen Davis and
Marion Martin are successfully supporting Boston on its cultural
pedestal.
Betty McCree, having attained a scholarly record at Roxbury
Memorial High School, intends to enter Fisk on a scholarship
awarded by the university.
Herbert Wilkins, student instructor for the past three years
at Lincoln University, in physics, will continue his education at
the graduate school of M.I.T., in September.
Edith Brown, teacher at the Roxbury Memorial High School,
was delegate from Epsilon chapter at the recent convention of
the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, held in California.
W. Thomas Fuller, graduate of Colby College, will enter
the insurance business in Atlanta, Ga., this fall. May he be suc-
cessful.
Edward Dixon, for years connected with the General Electric
Company in Lynn as draftsman, is the first non-white to receive
an appointment in one of Boston's boys' high school. He will
take up his duties at the Boston Trade School.
*****
MEMOIRS OF A FADING SUMMER
Buster Hopkins, known to the little girls as Uncle Bus, during
his brief stay in Boston, "lined" all femmes from nine to ninety
at his beck and call. Many a wet handkerchief did he leave,
but only with the promise that he'd be back.
Ted (Stepin Fetchit) London spoiled a perfect summer romance
by falling into the arms of Morpheus in the presence of the lovely
Kay Taylor of Philly. Since that fatal evening, Kay has for-
bidden Ted to cross her threshold and won't even offer an antidote
for a broken heart.
What attractive young college junior had her evening spoiled
by having her pater come to tell her it was her bed-time, at the
most popular beer garden on the Hill? Say what, Eleanor?
Juliet Octavia Lane has come and gone, but her melody lingers
on. The little Sugar Hill lasses have just recuperated from trying
to follow in the steps of the veteran-in the beer garden.
While the cat's away the mice will play. While Kenny Mac
rides the waves, little Jeanne is very busy-but not worrying
whether or not the boat will sink. If you don't believe me, ask
the physicist. When is this trio going to be broken up into a duo?
The only Jitter Bugs party this summer, with Orange. Blossoms
flowing freely was terminated at midnight, because the guests
arose too far from the ground.
What is this thing called love? How it does make us do
things! Frank (D.C.) Reeves journeyed over five hundred miles
to spend only one day with his college sweetheart, Marie (Howard
U.) Stephenson.
I wonder if Milton Reddick knows Dot Howard will take the
vows the first of September?
Can Frank Pierce have been the reason for Bobbe Webster's
staying in New York all summer? This is quite a relief on the
postmaster.
The flying parson, Charles W.. Gabrouel, who always seems
to break in the news, claims that he has found a new love. She
might be only a foot taller than he, but he says that makes little
difference when there are step-ladders handy.
If appearance means anything, the romance of Johnny Parnell
and Kay Craft is the real thing.
Doris West, Cappie Ferguson's grammar-school sweetheart,
has asked every Bostonian visitor at Camp Atwater about his
whereabouts. Why don't you see the girl, Cappie?
Olive Freeman and Louise Scott deserted their college boy-
friends for two youngsters from Virginia. Was it because the kids
had a pocket full of nickels?
Feets Kennell, "the perfect host," has the peculiar charac-
teristic of inviting friends to his home to a party and not showing
up himself.
Anna Reba Cox, M.Ed., Boston University, 1935, left Boston,
a single woman. On her return, brought a husband with her.
See what can happen in two months?
The female visitors who were the cynosure of all male eyes
this summer were: Vascar and Elaine Barnett, Lynchburg, Va.;
Maxie Ferebee, Norfolk, Va.: Nellie Butcher, D.C.; Julia Wormley,
N.Y.C.; Lucille Harris. Pittsburgh, Pa.; Bea Walker, D.C.; Marian
Pettiford, Yonkers, N.Y.; Juliet Lane, Baltimore, and Ruth Perry
of South Carolina. They all were feted royally at parties, dinners
and so forth, by hospitable Bostonians.
*****
The most attractive visitor, Vascar Barnett; the most enter-
taining visitor, Juliet Lane; the most seen, Buster Hopkins; the
quietest, Elaine Barnett; the best bridge player, Maxine Ferebee;
the "night-clubiest," Julia Wormley; the most tennis-minded, Ham
Johns; the cutest, Ruth Perry: the beau brummel, James Coles;
the most inquisitive, Marion Pettiford; the hardest to please, Nellie
Butcher
LOOKING FORWARD
*****
The New England Open Tennis Tournament, on Labor Day
week-end, is expected to be the successful finale of a ne'er-to-be-
forgotten summer social season in good old Boston. The tourna-
ment will be held at the Harvard University courts.
The "on-to-school" party will be a greater social success than
ever, this year, because of the greater influx and reflux of stu-
dents in Boston. As usual, the affair will be given by the Three
Q's-Alpha, Beta Gamma.
Boston Welcoming Committee, composed of our most promi-
nent young bachelors, are anxiusly awaiting the arrival of the
beautiful femmes who are coming here to look into our schools
this fall. They have made a resolution between themselves that
none of the committee shall trespass on one another's territory.
They believe in the old adage, "First come, first served."
EXTRA! EXTRA! Kenneth Smith, better known as the
Weasel (?), is expected in Boston soon, with a car-load of so-called
beautiful women from Washington and points South. "There isn't
a biffer in the car-load," says the Weasel.
IT MAY BE SO, BUT-
*****
where old man winter will find Satan's disciples: Herbert
!
Tucker will enter Northeastern Law School. Edward (Feets) Ken-
nell, Jesse Williams and Betty McCree will make the long trip to
Fisk. Gene Green will take the Massachusetts Pharmaceutical
Board. Frances Watkins will enter Howard University. Kenneth
McClane will enter Boston University Medical School.
Yvette Keelan will begin her freshman year at Radcliffe. Her-
bert Cheltenham enters Northeastern Law School. Richard John-
son, back to Boston University. Kenneth Smith makes another
change this time, it's Howard. When Oberlin opens its doors,
Willie Johnson will be there, bag and baggage, ready to resume
his studies. John Parnell, out for football at Boston University.
Marion Martin, Eleanor Trott, Rena Johnson, Marie Stephenson
will take it back to Howard U.
To my friends, the columnists, Malcolm Fulcher, Bill Small-
wood, Elliott Freeman, Walter Winchell, Ted Yates, and the rest
of you guys: when the last letter is struck on my typewriter for
this column, I resolve never to ATTEMPT to put myself on the
same level with you as far as writing is concerned. You have
too far a lead on me. This is your racket and you can have it.
To you laymen, let me say this: It wasn't easy for me to write
this column as I thought it would be. My attempts at journalism
compare with the plumber who tries to perform an operation for
appendix. From now on, I'll be contented to read what is already
written.
O. P. S.
1
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.