Crestmont, Willow
Grove and LaMott
Graduation exercises of the Cheltenham
Junior High School were held last Wed-
nesday evening. The Lamottonians among
the graduates were: Ada Mann, Leola
Jackson, Kathryn Williams, Lena Reed,
Marian Fripps, Sarah Williams, Frank
Walker, Raymond Tripplett, Charles
Vaughn, Noah Fields, John Lang, James
Smith, John Ashton and Joseph Stokes.
Miss Helen Lee, 538 Phipps Avenue, Wil-
low Grove, Park school teacher, observed
the second grade class of the Martha
Washington School, 44th and Aspen Sts.,
Tuesday, June 27. The class was taught
by Miss Goldie Irvin.
Miss Lee also visited Miss Roberta
Robinson, Cheyney graduate, who is a
teacher at the school.
Despite excellent twirling last Sunday
by the Cresmont A.A. moundman, Paul
Ford, for the Doylestown Tigers, the
Tigers tasted of defeat by a score of 6
to 5. The score remained 0-0 until the
sixth inning. In the seventh, Dublin got
a lead of one run. The lead was held
until the tenth inning, which ended the
game.
Election of Lamott A.Μ.Ε. Sunday
School officers was held Sunday. Those
elected to offices of the primary Bunday
School were: Shirley Wheaton, secretary;
Marguerite Jones, treasurer: Marian Hen-
ry and Junlus Moore, librarians.
The officers will serve for a term of
three months.
Bill and Ray Mondell, Glenside, adept
performers on the diamond, former
pitcher and right-fielder for the Nusbickel
Black Hawks, have been playing regu-
larly and very well for the Cresmont
A.A. nine.
Warren Taylor. Penllyn, is the innovator
of legalized revelry in the suburbs. Mr.
Taylor opened a beer garden in Penllyn,
Friday, June 30.
George Palmer, age 32, son of Mrs.
Sarah Palmer, 541 Phipps Avenue, Willow
Grove, died in the Abington Memorial
Hospital, Sunday, July 2, from enlarge-
ment of the heart. George had been
ailing for the last four months.
Matthew Lee, son of Mr. Matthew Lee,
542 Phipps Avenue, Willow Grove, em-
barked on his matrimonial voyage June
28. Matthew married Miss Dorothy Bishop,
543 Phipps Avenue, Willow Grove. мг.
and Mrs. Lee will reside in Delaware.
Mr. and Mrs. Safronia Cochrane, New
York, Mr. and Mrs. Clarissa Mosely, of
Carlyle, recently married. Mrs. Collins,
of Philadelphia, Mrs. Bessie Jackson, wife
of a Philadelphia attorney, and Mrs.
Martha Bradley, of Philadelphia, visited
relatives in Willow Grove Sunday, July 2.
The relatives are the pioneers of Willow
Grove, Benjamin Pleasant and Thomas
Lee.
The Bridge "Its" met at the residence
of Miss Joyce Bratcher, Keenan Street,
Lamott, Pa. The members of the club
were delightfully entertained by Miss
Bratcher and househoid.
On
The Cresmont A.A. baseball team came
through the week of June 25 with four
straight wins. Heavy hitting, hacked by
excellent pitching and clever fielding.
made this winning streak possible.
Tuesday, June 27, they defeated the Dixie
Stars by a close score of 3-2. Batteries
were Robinson, c., and Palmer, p. They
took the long end of a 3-1 score, Wed-
nesday, June 28, against the Highland
A.C. Batteries were: Mundel, c., and Gib-
son, p. They subdued the Glen Willow
A.A. on Thursday to the tune of 6-3.
Batteries were: Mundel, c., and Carnish,
p. They repeated on Saturday, July 1,
when they defeated the Chew A.C., 8-7.
Cresmont sporting youth, who attended
the Jolly Frolickers' block party on Ham-
ilton Avenue, Thursday evening, waited
in vain as the cool evening hours passed
away for the arrival of Chadwick's jazz
orchestra. Late in the evening the crowd
was saved from complete disappointment
by Mrs. Dorothy Mason, a local musician,
who furnished snappy plano music in
modern style. Waiting dancers swung into
action and the third popular out-of-doors
dance of the season was a hit.
The Jolly Frolicker officers who took
charge were: Theodore Jones, president;
Elmar Barrell, secretary: Mary McNeal,
corresponding secretary, and Odele Terry,
treasurer.
The New Bethel Sunday School, in
chage of Mis Mary McNeal, assistant su-
perintendent, rendered a Children's Day
program at the New Bethel Church on
Sunday afternoon, June 20.
The program, ranking among the best
in its class, consisted of solos, recita- gospel quartet singer, has returned home trial, after which he was paroled. Pluto
tions, piano selections and talks. The
Hons Lowery of the First Baptist from the Abington Memorial Hospital, could not resist the element of tempta-
Church; the Rev. Durant. of New Bethel, where he underwent an appendix opera- White's residence and enjoyed another
cor consequently he returned to
and Mrs. H. Grasty, of New Bethel, spoke tion.
delicious meal. As retribution for the
Weird tales, of strange places and pe- dastardly crime, Pluto paid the supreme
on the program.
Mrs. Hattie Gr Grasty and daughter,
Maraf Cresmont, willow culiar incidents, were told by the Cres-sacrifice.
Miss Elizabeth Walker, of mont boys who returned from the Re-
Philadelphia, were among the many guests forestation Camp on Saturday, June 20,
for a five-day furlough. Among the tall
who attended the Wilberforce commence-
ment exercises. After spending a week story tellers were: Donald Moore, John
visiting friends in Wilberforce, Ohlo, and Swift, Arthur Simmons, Harold Brown,
nearby towns, they returned to Philadel Richard Suncan, Theodore Morgan and
phia. Miss Flora Grasty and Miss Eliza- Elle Boxley.
beth Walker are both students of Cheyney Mary Penn, of 144 Cliff Avenue, Wyn-
State Teachers' College.
cote, spent the week-end visiting her
mother in New York.
Miss Margaret L. McNeal, daughter of
Cr. and Mrs. Benjamin H. McNeal, of Sarah B. Green, of Culpeper, Virginia,
444 Franklin Avenue, Willow Grove, is
visiting relatives in Tennessee.
who has been visiting her sister, Mrs.
Daisy Thomas, of 146 Cliff Avenue, Wyn-
Miss Louise Parker, of Moyock, N.C., Is cotte, Pa., has returned to Culpeper.
visiting her sister, Mrs. Edward Jack- Miss Edwin Thomas and Miss Elfreda
son, of 450 Franklin Avenue, Cresmont. Green, both of Wyncote, were among the
Miss Parker is a teacher in the Moyock 182 graduates of the Cheltenham High
School. Miss Edwina Thomas will spend
graded school, N.C.
Miss Elizabeth Harrell is residing with the summer studying dressmaking. Miss
Mrs. William Crigler of 459 Franklin Ave- Elfreda Green will return to her home
nue, Willow Grove, Pa..
in Culpeper, Virginia.
Miss Flora Grasty, of 343 Prospect Reuben Fripps, varsity trackman, Melvin
Avenue, Cresmont, has returned to Chey- Wayne, assistant junior varsity football
ney to resume her part in "Jethro," to coach, and George Morton joined those
be given at the Roxy Theatre in New who are filling the ranks of the Lamott
High School grads when they bid adieu
York in the near future.
Mrs. Pinckney, wife of Dr. Reginald W. to the familiar scenes of Cheltenham
Pinckney, of 329 Summit Avenue, is visit- High in the June graduating class.
ing her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Matthew Misses Anna Palmer, Davidsville Road,
B. Johnson, in Keokua. Iowa. Mrs. Willow Grove, and Florence Jones, Church
Pinckney will stop in Chicago on her Road, Glenside, terminated their strenu-
return trip.
ous but pleasant intellectual tour through
Miss Lucy Pendleton, of 417 Washing- high school. Miss Palmer and Miss Jones
ton Aver
Avenue, is vacationing in Asbury were among the June graduates of Upper
Park.
Moreland and Cheltenham High Schools,
James Talifero, of Fairview Avenue, a respectively.
Joseph Durham, youngest son of Mrs.
A. Durham, Rubicam Avenue, Willow
Grove, fell on glass, Thursday, June 29,
while playing in the yard, and received
a severe cut on the knee.
Joseph was taken to the Abington Me-
morial Hospital. The lad was unable
to walk for a few days.
Miss Rosa Lee, Lamott Avenue, Willow
Grove, Journeyed to Atlantic City Friday,
June 30, where she' will spend the sum-
mer vacation.
In spite of the torridity, Wednesday,
June 28, the sixth grade promotion exer-
cises of the Lamott elementary school
were enacted very efficiently with Miss
Lucile Hawkins as mistress of ceremonies.
The program consisted of: clcass song-
words by Ruby Oliphant and Ruby Graves,
music by music instructor, by the class;
recitation by Gertrude Johnson: piano
solos by Marguerite Jones and Louise
Robinson; papers, by Ruby Oliphant and
Elizabeth Henry. The participants of the
program will enter Cheltenham Junior
High School next fall,
Thornton Tripplett, 1514 Willow Ave-
nue, Lamott, a Cheyney student and
member of the cast of the famous all-
Negro drama, "Jethro." by Dr. Leslie
Pluckney Hill, Cheyney State Normal
president, returned to Cheyney Wednes-
day to receiveinstructions concerning the
performance of "Jethro" in New York
in the near future.
"Pluto," mongrel pup owned by Mrs.
Weldon Lewis, Lamott Avenue, Willow
Grove, went to the residence of Mrs.
Grant White, Lamott Avenue, Willow
Grove, while the family was away, and
being the aristocrat of Willow Grove's
mongrels, he consumed mor than a score
of baby chicks, last week.
trocity, Pulto was taken to
the local police police station and given a
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.