Reprinted from late editions of last week
CHELTENHAM
Maryland's Hell Hole
Former Inmate Tells of Skeletons in the Walls, Secret
Burial Plot, Brutal Beatings, Peonage, and Other
Atrocities at Maryland's Reformatory.
Tales of brutal beatings, fights, would surely tell the guards. Then
mysterious deaths, blindness, and there would be more beatings and
starvation were added to the long confinements.
list of grievances against the au- "When it was known that mem-
thorities at Cheltenham by Harry bers of the grand jury were com-
Brown, 1341 N. Mount Street, who menu was hastily changed for the
ing for an investigation, the day's
told the AFRO this week of his occasion. Then, and at Christmas
time, we got a fairly decent meal.
experiences at the institution and
Official Flogger Colored
his subsequent escape.
"Each Sunday, boys who had
"It's a young hell and a place of been involved in even the slight-
damnation rather than reforma- est misdemeanor were lined up,
tion," Brown declared in relating by a white guard, walked up and
and a former inmate, accompanied
some of the atrocities he says he down administering punishment
witnessed.
by means of a brass-studded belt.
Asked how the authorities cared "Sunday was also the day for a
for bodies of boys whose deaths
were unexplained or unreported,
the former inmate described vivid
bath. Rinsing off in cold water,
regardless of the weather, each
boy dried himself on the dirty
shirt which he had just taken off.
ly a plot of ground, a quarter of a After washing through the week,
mile from the dormitory, where, each boy wiped his face on the
he declared, a number of boys same towel.
were buried-wrapped in sheets Skeletons in Walls, Rumor
and nailed up in wooden boxes. "Some of the punishments con-
Brown, who professed familiar- sisted of handcuffing a boy to the
ity with the routine of burials at door and letting him hang there
the institution, declared that he for hours, with his toes barely
knew of no effort to embalm the touching the floor. I have seen
bodies or to notify parents or naked boys strapped in front of
guardians of the boys' deaths. an open window in January.
He stated that he had actually
"It is said that the walls of
assisted in twelve such burials. those cells may be full of skele-
"On one occasion," Brown de-tons. Older boys (and some of
clared, "parents came to inquire them are men nearly thirty) whis-
about a boy, and were told that per of a boy's being plastered up
the boy had run away; but the with brick and mortar, alive, be-
truth is that I had helped bury cause he was fighting.
that boy just the night before."
Hired cut Without Pay
Cells Dark; Diet Poor
"Most of the confinement rooms
When questioned about r reports were so dark that when, and if, a
that inmates at the institution boy was released, he would be
were hired out to work on neigh-temporarily blind, sometimes for
boring farms, the narrator con-weeks at a time. When confined
in a cell, the inmate's diet was
usually limited to a slice of moldy
tinued:
"We were hired out to farmers, bread and a cup of water. Such
who paid the institution for our confinement often lasted more
services, but never paid us. At than three months.
one time I was supposed to be "There is no chance for an in-
earning $5 a month-I earned it, surrection," Brown replied in re-
but I never received it."
The general procedure at the
institution is as follows:
sponse to a question as to whether
the boys at Cheltenham had ever
taken any steps to better condi-
"Arising at 5 a.m., we dressed tions there or to overpower the
hurriedly and went downstairs to guards and make an escape.
a breakfast consisting of watery "The place is completely sur-
loatmeal and coffice sweetened with rounded by whites. Besides, there
black molasses. There were forty are too many stool pigeons among
cows about the place which we the boys," he added.
were obliged to milk, but the milk
was either used by the officials or
sold.
Visited School Recently
Although Brown escaped from
Menu Changed for Jury the institution some time ago and
"Sometimes we were forced to has since come of age, and after
work as many as fifteen hours recent visits to Cheltenham, he
without food. If we ever stole insists that the same hardships
anything from the farms, there which he describes in his story
wouldn't be enough to go around, are prevalent now as they were
and any boy who was slighted when he was there.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.