Taking A Chief Down
Chief Tshekedi was deposed as ruler of
the Bamangwato tribe last week by order of
Vice Admiral E. R. G. R. Evans of the
British navy, acting as high commissioner
for the Bechunaland, protectorate,
The chief's crime was that he had presid-
ed over a native court which some time ago
sentenced a white man to be flogged for
living in adultery with a native woman.
British laws forbid trial of a European by
native court. The chief, who was edu-
cated in England, contended that the white
man had become a native by taking a com-
mon-law native wife and that no European
should be allowed to take advantage of the
law to flout morals and outrage decency,
even in Africa.
Fifteen thousand native subjects stood
around and watched the British vice ad.
miral depose their chief, whose sole recourse
now is an appeal to the British crown. Two
hundred fully armed British marines ac-
companied the vice admiral to impress upon
naked black men that British laws are sacred
even in tropical interiors of Africa.
From this distance, it appears that che
English authorities had determined upon the
deposition of Chief Tshekedi in advance.
Two admissions support this theory. One,
the testimony of the European who was
flogged, to the effect that he submitted him-
self voluntarily to the native court and did
not wish to prosecute the case.
The other was the pronouncement of the
vice admiral that Chief Tshekedi had pre-
viously flouted the British administration.
The decision of the court would indicate
that the chastity of African women and na-
tive laws regarding it need not be respected
by Europeans,
The New Melvale School
for Delinquent Girls
With the appointment of Miss Sadie
George and thirteen assistants to the new
state girls' reform school and announcement
that the new $150,000 plant will be ready
for occupancy by October, Maryland is in a
fair way to start work on the proper hand-
ling of delinquent cases.
It has been a long way from the inade-
quate institution at Melvale to a modern re-
form school, and even those who have been
impatient at the long delay may rejoice that
a new day is at hand.
Grand jury after grand jury recommend-
ed a new plant for Melvale, but until Juve-
nile Court Justice J. S. Waxter, Mrs. Marie
O. H. Bauernschmidt, and interested friends
sold the plans to Governor Ritchie and the
state legislature, nothing was accomplished
With the new school in operation and the
state engaged in the job of making good
citizens out of delinquent girls, it ought not
be too difficult a job to convince the Gov-
ernor that what he has done for the girls
at Melvale ought to be duplicated for the
boys at Cheltenham.
During Governor Ritchie's administration
the state has erected a new tuberculosis
hospital at Henryton and a new girls' reform
school to take the place of Melvale. All good
things go by threes. A new Cheltenham
ought certainly to supplement the other
two good forward steps. Furthermore, the
outgoing grand jury recommended it.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.