(Reprinted from late editions of last week)
Travelers' Aid Society Has
Strange Cases and Baffling
BALTIMORE, Md.-
ments, at reduced costs, the man
Officials of the Travelers' Ald was sent home and has since writ-
Society, 10 E. Franklin Street, are ten back to the society, expressing
still puzzling over the case of John his happy adjustment and many
Perry, young runaway, who is in thanks for its assistance.
Cheltenham because his parents
Heart Problems Heard
cannot be located, it was learned A young woman came to Balti-
Wednesday.
more from Bay Side, L. I., one
Six months ago, Perry came to Sunday, in search of a lover who
them and declared that he was a had deserted her, She formed an-
native of Alexandria, Va. He won other item in the society's history
their admiration by his pleasant of unique occurrences.
She was about to become a moth-
disposition and ability to sketch
pictures, but he has not told a true er and the parents of the guilty
youth were not willing to permit a
story of where he came from.
The boy has been taken to his marriage or even to allow her to
alleged home in Virginia and could see him. Persuasion has won the
not be recognized by anyone, al-young woman's cause, however, and
though he gave the names of sever. a marriage is expected within the
al people who were supposed to be next few months.
able to identify him,
Boys Are Problems
Cites Cancer Case
Boys are the greatest problems of
Another story told at the society the organization, and two of them
is, that of a Pullman porter, suf- were recently discovered who had
fering from cancer of the larynx left their home in Rochester, N. Y.,
at Johns Hopkins Hospital, whose in the face of a howling thirty-
wife in Jacksonville, Florida, was degree-Lelow-zero snowstorm. They
sending money to his sister, living had no reason for coming away ex-
in Washington, in order to take cept for the thrill of traveling.
care of his expenses.
Another lad from Ottawa, Cana-
One day the sister appeared on da, named Ovila Loyer, has been
the scene, dressed in an expensive returned to his parents after sev-
fur coat but unable to explain what eral months of knocking about the
she had done with the funds that country, part of which led him to
had been entrusted to her care. the office of the AFRO-AMERI-
After a series of radium treat- CAN.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.