The G.O.P. Platform
Maryland Republicans in convention last
week adopted a platform pledging them-
selves, if elected, to develop a state uni-
versity at Morgan College, erect a school
for colored feeble-minded children and sub-
stitute a state reform school for the private
and much-criticized Cheltenham.
Then this platform is not complete, for
It says nothing about unequal salaries and
school terms in the county schools, and noth-
ing about taking the color line out of civil
service or repealing the jim-crow law.
But even so, the Democratic platform,
adopted the same week, says nothing at all
about these matters in which colored people
arë most interested. It preserved a silence
that is most Sphinx-like or is it ostrich like?
Nevertheless, silence it is, and the rea-
son therefore is one that every reader can
discover without outside aid.

Selling Jesus or
Tear Gas
Cardinal Fumansoni-Beondi, in charge
of Catholic foreign missions, reminded the
church last week that there are still 6,000,000
slaves in the world, and urged that some-
thing be done about it.
Strangely enough the Catholic Church is
most powerful in white countries and the
slavery complained of is in colored lands
like Liberia, Abyssinia, China and Arabia.
Most recently we have had testimony of
one Christian missionary to South America,
Paul Young, who told the Senate committee
investigating the munitions industry how he
used his mornings "to pray with six or eight
Indians who showed some desire to follow
the Lord, who had made beginnings and had
been pulled down by sin."
This same missionary used his evenings
to demonstrate tear gas and sell it to the
government of Ecuador.
:
"Heathen"(?) people, whether they be
South American Indians or African slaves,
may be better off not listening to mission-
aries and cardinals.
You can never be sure whether they are
selling Jesus or munitions.

Everybody Can Go to
College Now
The school and college page of the AFRO-
'AMERICAN for the past two weeks, has
given accounts of the fall reopening of
schools throughout the country.
In each college story is the recurrent
phrase, the school has the largest freshman
class and the largest enrollment in recent
years. Others tell of crowded dormitories
and class rooms.
Back of this, of course, is the government
aid to students through the Federal Relief
Association (FERA).
A table on the school page this week
shows some 4,000 students supported in
colleges last year by Uncle Sam.
Howard University, which had over four
hundred new students in the freshman class,
announced that 130 of them were aided by
the FERA, 68 had Howard scholarships and
100 have work scholarships.
Without government aid the colleges, of
course, would have a lean year in sight.
However, with the FERA as fairy god-moth-
er, the good old days have returned of which
the late President Eliot of Harvard boasted
-the days when any boy or girl can get a
college education if he or she wants it badly
enough.

Blame God for N.B.L.
Failure
District of Columbia courts last week
freed five former officials of the National
Benefit Life Insurance Company which went
on the rocks three years ago, causing policy-
holders and stockholders a loss of four mil-
lion dollars.
Delays, technicalities and alleged partici-
pation of white politicians in the squander-
ing of the N.B.L. millions have been charged
in this case.
Virtually the courts now say that no one
violated the laws in the wrecking of the
company, even though false statements of
the company's condition had been issued
year after year and approved by the Dis-
trict of Columbia's insurance commission-
ers.
In absolving the officials of blame, per-
haps we are to believe that the failure of
the company was an act of God.
We have heard Providence blamed for
many things, but this is the first time we
have ever seen the failure of an insurance
company laid at its door.