Four Accused
Cheltenham
Boys Freed
N.A.A.C.P. Attorney
Acts to Prevent Rape
Charge.
INVESTIGATION
EXONERATES THEM
Matron's Story Still
Shrouded in Mystery
UPPER MARLBORO, Md.
The four inmates of Chel-
tenham Reformatory who
were held in connection with
Boys Held in Maryland "Scottsboro" Case
an alleged attack on Mrs. Three of the four youths from the House of Reformation at Cheltenham, who were
Eva Smith, white, dining locked up last week at Upper Marlboro and questioned concerning an alleged attempt
room matron, were released, to attack a white matron at the institution. The woman's living quarters were
Monday, according to re- searched as soon as she screamed but no one was found on the floor of the main
ports from the office of building where the attack is supposed to have occurred. The boys are Hugh Davis,
State's Attorney Alan Bowie, D.C., Lawrence Huey, Raymond Smith and Ernest Patton, all of Baltimore.
Tuesday.
The four youths are Hugh
Davis, 20, of 630 S Street,
northwest, Washington;
Raymond Smith, 18, of 1236
W. Lafayette Avenue; Law-
rence Huey, 16, of 615 W.
Lanvale Street, and Ernest
Patton, 17, of 608 Cumber-
land Street, Baltimore.
NAACP Causes Release
The release of the boys was
brought about by Thurgood Mar-
shall, attorney for the Baltimore
Branch of the NAACP, who con-
ducted an investigtion here, Fri-
day, on the request of Mrs. Lil-
lie Jackson, president of the Balti-
more unit.
The attorney interviewed the
accused boys, police officials and
Hal T. Kearns, white, superin-
tendent of Cheltenham School of
Reformation, during his probe of
the arrests. During a conference
with the State's Attorney, Mr.
Marshall was promised that the
boys would be released on Satur-
day.
The NAACP învestigation
was started after AFRO re-
porters investigating the al-
leged attack learned that the
youths had been held incom-
municado for five days. Un-
til the NAACP sent its coun-
sel to this Southern Maryland
hamlet. the boys had been
without legal advice.
Describes Alleged Attack
Asks Release
MRS. HATTIE DAVIS
and her son, Henry, mother and
brother of Hugh Davis, one of the
boys held at Marlboro in connec-
tion with an alleged attack at-
The alleged attack on Mrs. tempt on a white matron at the
Smith is said to have occurred on Cheltenham reformatory. Young
January 10, about 6:30 p.m. Davis said he was at the reforma-
Hearing screams, Mr. Kearns and tory hospital when the woman is
a guard are reported to have supposed to have been attacked.
rushed to the third-story quarters His mother came from Washing-
of Mrs. Smith. One went up the ton to Upper Marlboro to seek his
front steps and the other by a
back stairway.
release.
Russell Baker, white, assistant
superintendent, to repair the bal-
usters to the front stairway when
he heard the screams.
Upon reaching the white wom-
an's quarters, they are said to
have found her lying on the floor
of her bathroom in a dazed con-
Accompanying the assistant su-
dition. Her waist, it is alleged. perintendent to the third floor he
was torn and she had several found Mrs. Smith lying on the
floor. Persons who were in the
bruises on her left arm.
The two men en route to the room at the time he arrived were
woman's quarters met no one and Mr. Kearns, his wife, Jack Hall, a
the drop from her window to the white guard: Richard Jackson, and
cement pavement is forty feet. Edward Curtis.
The State's Attorney stated that
Search Fails
the matter was referred to him With the assistant superintend-
for investigation. Unable to get ent, he searched all of the halls
satisfactory information at the and rooms on the third floor but
school during a week of question- failed to see anyone. The follow-
ing. Mr. Bowie stated that he ing morning he was summoned
caused the arrest of the boys to to the superintendent's office and
obtain accurate circumstances.
forced to write his name and sev-
eral phrases.
AFRO Reporter Investigates
Questioned at the Upper
Marlboro Jail by Levi Jolley
of the AFRO-AMERICAN, the
four boys, who had not been
accused of any crime, were
able to explain their where-
abouts when the alleged attack
Records of the
took place.
jail show that the boys were
being held for investigation.
Hugh Smith, who has been at
This was done, it was later
learned by the AFRO, to
compare handwriting with a
threatening note Mrs. Smith
is reported to have received.
Officials refused to disclose
the contents of this alleged
threatening note.
Patton, who has been at the
reformatory for two years and
seven months, was preparing the
main dining room for an enter-
the reformatory for six years. tainment that was to be held there
stated that he was working in the following dinner. The affair was
institution's hospital with Leo one of the weekly presentations.
Wilson, physical education direc-
tor. It was shot until the follow- sponsored by the physical educa-
Ing day when he was called to While standing outside of the
the office for questioning that he main building talking with an-
learned of the alleged attack. other youth who had been help-
ing him, he heard the screams,
director.
Smith Gives Version
Smith, who is a trusty and has Patton stated. Going to the third
been at the institution for eight-floor to see what the trouble was
een months, was in the dining he found all of he officials there.
room for officials and was serving The following morning he was
the superintendent and his wife called in for questioning, the
shortly before the alleged attack. youth stated.
He stated that he heard Kearns
Learns of Arrest
tell his wife that he was going up- The first parent to learn of the
stairs for five minutes.
boys' arrest was Mrs. Hattie Davis
A few minutes later, he said, of 630 S Street, Northwest, Wash-
Mrs. Kearns left the dining room. ington, D.C. She was accom-
While talking with Richard Jack-panied to this city by her son,
son. another waiter in the officials' Henry Davis; a neighbor, Mrs. Sa-
dining room. Smith stated that he rah Johnson, and Archer Pernell.
heard the screams and the scuffle a member of the Washington
as though there were a fight. Branch NAACP.
Both he and Jackson refused to Arriving shortly before Mr.
accompany a guard to the third Marshall, Mrs. Davis was allowed
floor, Smith stated, when ordered to see her son at the city jail.
to do so.
Mrs. Davis stated that her three
Huey, who has been at the sons were sent to he reformatory
school for two years, was helping when she was stricken ill several
years ago. The charge against
them, due to her condition, was
that they were minors without
proper care and guardianship.
Had Clean Record
Mrs. Davis charged that the su-
perintendent for the past three
years has refused to release the
youngest of her sons.
Until his
recent arrest, his record has been
clean, the mother stated.
The brother, who was an
inmate at the school until a
year ago, charged that there
were no facilities for the in-
mates to receive a proper edu-
cation and that the food was
of the lowest quality pos-
sible. The boys at the re-
formatory worked from eight
to fifteen hours daily when he
was there, the older Davis
declared.
After being questioned by
State's Attorney Bowie, Hal
Kearns engaged in a verbal tiff
with Paul Henderson and Levi
Jolley of the AFRO over articles
printed by the paper exposing
conditions at the institution. Mr.
Kearns admitted that the quality
of food given he boys had been
improved since the AFRO carried
accounts of food served prior to
the riot three weeks ago.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.