PHOTONEWS
BEALE STREET
Jesse Owens Attends Cel bration at Mound Bayou
National polítical figures in front of
R. R. (Bob) Church's office in Mem-
phis, Tenn., after attending fiftieth
anniversary celebration in Mound
Bayou, Miss., an all colored town.
Left to right: Jesse Owens, Bob
Church, Roscoe Simmons and Col.
John C. Robinson, noted flyer.
Convicts Paroled
30 Paroled from Penitentiary
Two wives or sweethearts meet two con.
victs at gate who gained freedom under
Industrial Good-Time law. A Maryland
prison custom gives the free men a new
suit and two dollars in cash. Wives, sweet-
hearts or friends meet the men as they
bid farewell to the warden at the big
iron gate.
Where Rioting Started
No.3 Cottage at the Cheltenham (Maryland) reform school.
Guards beat boy; boys chased guards and smashed furniture.
Officials were terrified as boys revolted charging poor food,
lack of planned recreation and curfew law that puts them to
bed at sundown.
MARYLAND
PENITENTIARY
First Free Sunlight in Years
A happy ex-convict swings his
guitar as he leaves the big gate
after many years inside. All but
seven served from five to 15 years.
Was She Glad to See Him?,
Another happy reunion at the gates
of the Maryland Penitentiary in
Baltimore last week when 30 col-
ored and white convicts went free
Windows Broken in Riot
Lower windows in No. 2 cottage at the Maryland house of
reformation where angry youths rioted last Friday in protest
of beatings with rubber hose by white guards. A dozen of
the boys were arrested and taken to the Marlboro jail.
Must Take Showes Before
Swimming in Phila. Pool
After disrobing, Charles Harris
steps into the shower before en-
tering the pool. This rule of
cleanliness is strictly enforced
Even a Crowded Pool Is Sanitary if Properly Kept
At last the water after many routine details which every lad figures is unnecessary.
Between 1,800 and 2,000 children bathe in the McCoach pool (Phila.) every day
during the hot season. There are only three pools in all Philadelphia, run by the
city, to take care of its 200,000 colored population.
Cool and Ready for Home
Charles Barrott (Phila.) rings out his
bathing suit as dry as he can and then
completes the job by throwing the suit
under passing motor car wheels.
They Are in the "Jail House" Now
John Williams, 13, and Albert Wood, 14, on the
inside looking out after a rubber hose beating be-
cause they talked in the dining room. This type
of punishment is said to have caused the riot.
Two Days of Rioting at Md. Reform School
A group of boys at Cheltenham, Md., Reforma tory who do farm work. They complained
they were given oatmeal (unsweetened) for breakfast, cabbage for dinner and prunes for
supper with three slices of bread. This is a private institution which the State takes over
October 1.
:
More Than Three Showers a Week Means Rubber Hose
Boys at the Maryland House of Reformation declare that they are al-
lowed to take only three baths per week. If caught taking more they
get from 20 lashes up. They also say they must dry themselves with their
shirt tails,
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.