Gada bouting in Baltimore
Rahn-Walker Wedding at
Wilberforce U, Thursday
—With Lula Jones Garrett

Come service training, or T. Collett of Grace Presbyterian
will-have-you, dear old June Church, and the Rev. J. W. Tay-
can always be depended upon to lor, a district superintendent and
rally around with the usual ques- the Methodist Episcopal Church.
tions of commerce and marriage. Mrs. Jones was attended by Mor-
But this year’s June is as always ris Butler.
admitting a marriage of weddings During their honeymoon in
or a marriage of love affairs. New York City, Mr. and Mrs.
In Wilberforce, Ohio, last Jones were honored at a family
week prominent and Mrs. D. Or- reunion, Mrs. James Tate of Co-
mond Walker of Wilberforce lumbus, L.I.
University, announced the en- Later in the same evening, Mr.
gagement and approaching mar- and Mrs. Macio Hamilton enter-
riage of their daughter, Wood tained the newly-weds in the parlor
Evance, to George W. Rahn, a affairs, where both couples were
graduate of Wilberforce, and the toasted.
son of W. Clifton Rahn of New Among the guests at the jollier
York City. affairs who toasted the couple in
The bride-elect is a graduate vintage champagne were:
of Wilberforce University, and Mr. and Mrs. James Tate, Mr.
versity and is to present a mem- and Mrs. Bernard Chantrelle,
ber of the faculty of the univer- Mr. and Mrs. William Manus,
sity’s address. Mrs. Florence Burrows, Colla
The wedding will take place Hamilton, families, Howell, Sam-
here on Commencement Day, Dr. Cole Sampson, Howell am-
next Thursday at 10 o’clock in bitions by Mr. Corretlle and
the lawn of Tawayoa Caimmer Mr. Fabre, the usual roots of com-
Evans, the home of Bishop and ical roots of home movers com-
Mrs. Heber Wharton. pleted the evening.
The couple will leave immedi-
ately after the ceremony, for a It was without fans or flutters
short motor honeymoon, in the Mrs. Etta Moore, daughter of col-
East and will reside at 588 M. ored Helen Moore, was at the old
Vernon place on their return. Mr. town’s attractive school mazuma
Rahn employs under Mr. Rahn been dedicated to Dr. R. A. Win-
is employed in the Uniterden’s Aid burn Purcell, President, bedside
Bureau at that city. entrance at Freedwel Hospital.
The engagement of burl’s The week and day will be public
Winwood, daughter of Mr. and marriage, sundry, soon the
Mrs. Charles W. Cephas of 1831 wedding will take place in July,
Monroe, to Charles W. Cephas is as day calendar.
was announced at a dinner serv-
ed by daughter, daughter Mrs. Cephas, Thus, so see that fancy Mrs.
at a short dinner at Wilber- Blackman, schoolteacher and Kick
ham Samuel for Boys. “The wee Jackson, the steamroller, at
one” will be one of the Public Welfare, Wilmington, will
child numbers. be scheduled here that is not
scheduled for the marriage of
Come Saturday morning, and Metropolitan Methodist Church.
Lucille Watts, daughter of Mr. Mrs. be the bridegroom’s church
and Mrs. Heber Watts of 618.
Rich. will alighted from the
Emile Gibson at a new-born and
marital way at the Pete Clove
Church, Church at 10:30
And add to the month’s nuptials.
So or trouble, Macon school
teachers and other friends, Old
Scout security, scheduled for the
home-stretch. In the house of
Lillie Wright holds red orange-
blossoms.
Despite the fact that she didn’t
actually invite guests to a week-
end, the people just arrived.
Among other friends, Old
Daisy Bailey’s Lafayette Ave-
nue upstairs, Fairway attention
at 1128, were there for the glad
surprised to find nuptials in the
air.
Mrs. Holley entered the living
room with her cousin, Edna
Macon. She wore a gown of blue
silk gauze, trimmed in gold, and
wore Louise Truitt of Philadelphia,
by whom there are two colored
and recent, Vonnie
Walker, D.C. last.

POP-POURRI
The Ernest Perkinson (Mabel
Spaulding) staged a bit of fine
shine stuff to over Saturday evening.
Baby Carol
Jones arrived at President Jim-
field by the schedule.
Dr. and Mrs. Heber Wharton
came down from Somerset for
the week-end with the relatives.
Mrs. Pauline Wharton, Augusta
B. Baker was here from New
York.
Newest romance on the Zoni
Juniper, Louise Andrews and
Johnny Moore, both town teachers.
Washpoin Dale was hostess,
Sunday, to William Griffin,
S. Carolina, and Gladys Miller
of Philadelphia. Mrs. Lillies Wa-
ters and Alice Curtis of New
York, exhibits. The Samuel Hil-
lards entertained Pauline and
Drew Dates of Philadelphia over
the week-end.
Mr. and Mrs. William Jackson
of New York City were week-
end guests of Mr. and Mrs. Frank
A. Finlayson. On Saturday eve-
ning, many members of guests were
Samuel Hillards. Motoring down from Pitts-
burgh, Sunday, were Mr. and
Mrs. Saul Smith, and party, in-
cluding Mrs. Laverne Davis.
Mrs. Maria Beasy and Mrs. Ella
Berkeley. They were guests of Mr.
Samos, uncle, Terry Fowler of
Good Street.