Cheltenham
Boys Not Guilty
UPPER MARLBORO, Md.- tered pleas of not guilty to all
just as Magistrate Walter Green the charges.
announced his refusal to convict Following the testimony giv-
the nine boys from the Chelten- en before Magistrate Green and
ham School for Boys, who faced his announcement that there
him here, Thursday, on charges were no grounds for the assault
of rioting, three other inmates charges in any of the cases, each
of the school were brought in of the boys stated that he had
and booked on similar charges. pleaded guilty to a charge so that
These latest accused youths some court action would be tak-
are: en to send him away from Chel-
Daniel Brown, 17; William tenham.
Gardner, 17; and Henry Solo- Rebelled at Treatment
mon, 18. Testimony given by Mr. Sun-
Magistrate Green set ball at derland and the white cottage
$1000 for each youth, and an- masters and engineer at Chelten-
nounced that they would be ham revealed that the boys had
brought to trial before him in rebelled on November 22, be-
the Upper Marlboro County po- cause Jackson had been ordered
lice court at 2 p.m., on Dec. 13. locked up in the institution's de-
Magistrate to Study Case tention quarters, and had left
Meanwhile, Magistrate Green, the grounds that evening, re-
in stating that he could not "con- turning the next morning, armed
scientiously" convict the nine with iron bars, clubs and a pitch-
youths from Cheltenham on the fork.
charges placed against them in They stated that the boys had
his court, ordered them to be first entered the boiler room of
held in the Upper Marlboro jail the engine house and then took
er, until 4 p.m., Thursday, at which refuge in the basement of No. 21
ty, time he expects to reveal what cottage and remained until police
-
disposition will be made of their were called
cases, "Armed for Protection"
This decision to fold the cases However, each of the boys tes-
of the boys sub curia was tified that the treatment given
reached after B. B. Sunderland, them at the school was unfair
white, acting superintendent of and, while they did not attempt
the school, and Joseph H. Bland- to harm any of the officials, they
ford, white, president of the armed themselves with the clubs
board of managers, had prevailed to protect themselves and re-
upon Magistrate Green not to belled so that charges would be
send the accused youths back to placed against them which might
Cheltenham. result in their being transferred
While some mention was made to some other institution.
of transferring the youths to the While the trial of the accused
no Maryland house of correction or boys had originally been sched-
obtaining openings for them in uled for November 29. Magis-
Ice CCC Camps, Magistrate Green trate Green ordered the case!
stated that the matter would be postponed until parents and rela-
Id-placed before Governor Herbert tives of the boys could be noti-
ado R. O'Conor for his suggestions fied and summoned to appear at
or-
a.; before any definite action would the hearing.
J.; be taken.
Five Parents Present
The Nine Accused Among the five parents and
The accused youths, who faced relatives of the boys present at
charges of attempting to escape the trial, Thursday, were:
from Cheltenham and assaulting Mrs. Martha Wells, 434 Orch-
John Tilch, Harold D. Gates, cot- ard Street, Baltimore, mother of
tage masters, and Owen Grimes, young wells; Mrs. Clara Thomp-
engineer, all white, are: son, 437 Orchard Street, mother
Christopher Thompson, 16, of of Thompson; Mrs. Mary Jordan.
437 Orchard Street. Baltimore; 537 Vincent Street, mother of
George Crawford, 17, Baltimore; Jordan; Mrs. Martha Brooks.
Benjamin Hardy. 18, of 1427 1325 N. Gilmor Street, mother of
Webb Street, Baltimore; Charles Brooks, and Thurman Rhubut-
Noland, 17, Rockville; Jesse tom of Springfield, Md., uncle of
Wells, 16, of 434 Orchard Street, Jackson.
Baltimore:
William Brooks, 18, of 1414 N.
Gilmor Street, Baltimore; Charles: New Legislator Is
Jackson, 18, Woodbine, Charles; Confined in Hosptial
Jordan, 17, 1106 Whatcoat Street,,
Baltimore, and George Johns, 16, PHILADELPHIA
of 1128 Whatcoat Street, Balti-. Dr. Edwin F. Thompson, lo-
more. cal dentist and recently elected
member of the Pennsylvania
Plead Guilty to Get Away State House of Representatives
Each of these youths, with the on the Democratic ticket, is
exception of Jackson and Johns, confined in the Naval Hospital,
pleaded guilty to one of the as-. Patterson Avenue at Sixteenth
sault charges placed against Street.
'hem. Jackson and Johns en-
;
j
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.