Borican Thinks Record
May Yet Be Recognized
PHILADELPHIA -Contending city to co-operate in establishing that Glenn has not run many
that more benefits for the col- such an organization.
red athletes of the city could
be derived from the organization
of one big athletic club rather
than several small clubs working
independently as is the present
set-up, John Borican, national
middle distance record breaker,
speaking at the annual Father
and Son banquet given by the
Christian Street YMCA, Satur-
day, urged business men of the
1000 yards this year.
Jons Speak
Featured with Barney Ewell,
sprint champion, Borican recalled
John Francis Williams, toast-
his running days in Philadelphia master for the affair, presented
when he competed under the col-
ors of a local club and the finan-
cial handicaps he had to over-
come.
Tell of Thrills
three youngsters, Donald Hardy,
Page Anderson, and Olive Duke,
who spoke for the sons at the
banquet. William Jones, father
of four sons, and a member of
The two track stars, Borican the original committee that
and Ewell, were not only an in- planned the YMCA building, re-
spiration to the young boys at- sponded for the fathers.
tending the affair, as they told John Bogle, of the AFRO-
of the habits of clean living AMERICAN, acknowledged and
formed in early boyhood, but responded to the speeches of
thrilied one and all with vivid Borican and the other athletes
accounts of their track experi-
ences and future athletic ambi- who were the guests.
tions.
Outstanding athletes, from the
Ewell, introduced by Al Dun- local high schools were present-
more, local sports editor, related
that the biggest thrill of his rac- ed membership cards to the YM-
ing career was the day he placed CA by Herbert Miller, executive
third in the National AAU meet Y secretary.
in Wisconsin. He told his audi- They are:
ence that one of the essential re-
quirements for athletic competi-
tion is the ability to be a good
loser.
Dick Edwards, captain of Cen-
tral High's football squad; Al
Stevenson, all-scholastic football
player; Ira Rich, basketball play-
Randy Dixon, sports scribe, in-er from Lower Merion; Coppin
troduced Borican. Telling of the Cordwright, football player from
handicaps besetting colored ath- Cheltenham High; Clarence Whit-
letes who break records, Borican field, football star; Tribut Green,
lauded the work of John Wood- Lower Merion High football.
ruff, Bill Watson, John Marion,
and other top flight athletes. He
told of his trip to Europe and de-
clared that he had the best time
of all in Berlin, Germany.
Has Hope for Record
He stated that the 100-yard
record that he created in New
York may yet be his because the
MAAU board of officials may
discount the story of the starter
-that he beat the gun-when
they meet this summer.
Modestly, he claimed that his
victories over Glenn Cunningham
may have been due to the fact
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.