Suspend Cheltenham
Education Supervisor
BALTIMORE secure colored employees, in ac-
Daniel P. Clarke, supervisor of cordance with instructions of the
education and psychiatrist at the board.
Cheltenham School for Boys, has Since the order to end jim crow,
been suspended by the superin- the president of the board, Jos-
tendent, Vance E. Thomas, white, eph Blanford, white, resigned,
it was learned Thursday.
twenty-one white employees, in-
Other colored and white em- cluding the superintendent's wife,
ployees have threatened to walk threatened to quit, the Prince
out in protest to the dismissal Georges County grand jury and
and the school's board of man- the Brandywine Grange No. 34,
agers has scheduled a meeting for composed of old board members,
early next week.
have asked the board to recall its
Mr. Thomas told the AFRO that order and remove colored and
white employees who urged end
Mr. Clarke was supended Monday of discrimination and segregation.
for refusing to teach a class. The
suspension is subject to action of
the State Employment Com-
mission.
Given 5 Days to Answer
Col. Harry C. Jones, white, said
that a formal copy of the charges
had been forwarded to Mr. Clarke
in New York and that he will have
five days in which to answer them
and request a hearing.
Five Employees Resign
Because of what they termed
"bungling" of the situation by Mr.
Thomas and their "loss of confi-
dence" in his administration, five
colored employees have left the
institution.
White members of the Civilian
Public Service (conscientious ob-
jectors) assigned to the school on
Mr. Clarke, formerly psychia. temporary duty and colored em-
trist at the NY State School for ployees banded together early in
March in an attempt to end segre-
gation in the staff dining room
and living quarters.
Boys, was the only colored ad-
ministration employee at the
Prince Georges County School.
He assumed his duties as super
visor of education and psychia-
trist in July, 1942.
Mr. Thom-
as, however, refused to hear the
requests and the matter was taken
to the board.
One of the objectors, Charles
Butcher, Harvard University grad-
and is now serving a four-year
uate, was summarily dismissed
term in a Federal prison for vio-
Hints Suspension "Framed"
Interviewed in New York, Mr.
Clarke refused to comment. He
intimated, however, that his sus-
pension was framed and that he lation of the Selective Service
had had an inkling of it ten days Act.
ago.
Those close to the Cheltenham
situation see in the suspension of
Mr. Clarke an attempt by the ad-
ministration to get around the
March 25 order of the board of
managers which instructed Mr.
Thomas to end segregation of staff
members at the school and a sub-
sequent order to replace white
employees with colored as soon
as possible.
Employees say that Mr. Thom-
as is filling vacancies with white
persons instead of attempting to
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.