Judge Characterizes Man as "Wild
Animal," Gives Him 50-Year Term
BALTIMORE. institutions on taxpapers' relief white, of 3163 Elmore Avenue. in
Characterizing him as a wild fund.
animal endangering society, "They ought to be chloroformed
Judge Eugene O'Dunne in or wiped out of society by what-
Criminal Court Tuesday imposed ever method could be adopted to
a sentence of fifty and one half ge rid of them. They are no use
years in the penitentiary on to society. They are prowling,
Romey Smith, 30, of 538 Mission wild animals and society is al-
Court, after his conviction on ways in danger when they are at
three cases of armed robbery and
one of assault.
In sentencing the accused man,
whose criminal record for similar
offenses dates back to 1927, Judge
O'Dunne stated:
Prowling Wild Animals
large."
Last week, Judge O'Dunne sen-
tenced three youths, all under 20
yeas of age, to 90, 62 and 60%
years in the penitentiary on a
number of petty robberies involv-
ing pocketbook snatchings,
Faced 3 Holdup Counts
Allegedly participating in three
"When persons have criminal | holdups within a two-week
records and have served terms;
especially for crimes like high-
waymanship, and return to the
path of footpads, it is a farce for
society to continue their keep in
an ice cream store at 1200 Win-
chester Street on November 22.
In addition, he was charged!
with threatening to shoot Charles
Smith of 652 Pitcher Street at his
home November 29, and of as-
saulting three persons involved
in the $7 holdup of the manager
of an ice cream store at 1840
Pennsylvania Avenue, Novem-
ber 14.
In connection with the latter
case, Herman Griffin, 19, of 1223
Madison Avenue, who faced
charges of participating in the
robbery, was convicted of receiv-
ing some of the loot. Sentence
against Griffin, who was repre-
sented by J. Howard Payne, was
suspended, however, and he was
period, Smith was accused of rob-released on probation.
bing Max Gerber, white, of $167
while the latter was collecting
rent at 1715 Madison Avenue on
November 29, and of taking a
coat and $9 from J. S. Causey,
The third suspect in this lat-
ter robbery was a 15-year-old
boy, picked up shortly after its
occurrence and committed to
Cheltenham for six years.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.