2,000 Join
in March on
Md. Capitol
!
O'Conor Is Urged to
End Police Brutality
Now, Not Next Year
Advised to Emulate
Lincoln and Jefferson,
Roosevelt, LaGuardia
Huge Throng Takes
Governor's Breath;
He Admits Surprise
By B. M. PHILLIPS
Editor, Balto. Afro-American
BALTIMORE. - Two thousand,
serious, quiet and resolute citi-
zens joined the March on An-
napolis and crowded into every
available space of both chambers
in the State capitol Friday after-
noon to hear and applaud as lead-
ers of the Citizens' Committee for
Justice urged Governor O'Conor
to take steps to end police bru-
tality in Baltimore and grant
them other relief.
Inspired by the stirring address
made the night before at the
mass meeting at Sharp Street
Methodist Church by the Rev. A.
Clayton Powell, Jr., New York
City councilman, the citizens be-
gan gathering at the church as
early as 10 a.m., Friday.
Go by Bus, Auto and Train
A dozen busses. special cars on
the W.B. and A. Railroad, as weil
as hundreds of private autos were
(Continued on Page 2, Col. 1)
2,000 Join in March
on Maryland Capitol
(Continued from Page 1)
used to transport the crowd to the
State capital twenty-two miles!
away.
First part of the caravan, in-
ernor's offices. "We don't need
any go-betweens," she said.
She further urged the Gov-
ernor to answer the petitions, not
next month or next year, "but
next week so we can report to our
people."
Other Speaker
cluding members of the transpor
tation committee headed by Dr.
J. E. T. Camper, arrived in An-
napolis at noon, two hours be-
fore the appointment with the Virgie Waters, president of the
Governor.
Other speakers included Mrs.
Master Beauticians, who urged
representation on the State board
At 2:15 p.m., the Governor ar- of beauty culturists and hair-
rived, accompanied by J. Millard dressers; Dr. Ralph Young, who
Tawes, State comptroller; Robert asked for membership on the
Bowie, assistant State's attorney Maryland Tuberculosis Commis-
general; Thomas E. Jones, secre- sion which administers affairs of
tary of State, and John Spellisy, Henryton Sanatorium;
administrative assistant, who sat Dr. George A. Crawley, repre-
with him during the two-hour senting the Baptist Convention of
hearing, so tha they "could get Maryland, who asked for an all-
first-hand know.edge of the prob- colored staff and board at the
lem," the Governor explained. Crownsville State Hospital; Ed-
Carl Murphy president of the ward S. Lewis executive secre-
AFRO-AMERICAN Newspapers tary of the Urban League, wha
and chauman of the committee, pointed to the numerous attempts
presided and, after asking the made by colored citizens to get
Governor to use his influence to Police Commissioner Stanton to
get the Maryland Defense Council take preventive crime measures
to support President Roosevelt's, in colored areas.
executive order outlawing dis-
Morgan Student Talks
crimination in employment in de- Harry Cole, Morgan State Col-
fense industries by urging all lege s.udent, spoke for youth
Maryland plants to drop their col- and stated that they were behind
or bars, introduced the speakers their elders and wanted Governor
who explained the grievances of O'Conor to hear their pleas and
the citizens.
W. A. C. Hughes, Jr., NAACP
attorney, pointed to the fact that
there had been ten killings of col-
ored citizens by Baltimore police
men since 1933 and stated that
unless "some remedial steps are
undertaken, serious racial conflict
may result."
He urged the Governor to ap-
point a coinmittee of "outstanding
citizens to make a full and com
plete investigation."
Asks Colored Cops
The Rev. E. W. White, pas-
tor of Providence Baptist
Church and secretary of the
committce, asked the Gov-
ernor to appoint colored po-
licemen in uniform, pointing
to the fact that the city's
three officers are all plain-
clothesmen and that colored
policemen will "give us the
security that belongs to every
citizen."
"At present," he declared, "our
people are being taught that po-
"licemen do not move among!
them to protect them and to up-
'hold the aw and it is producing
à damning psychology which in
the end must lead to disaster."
Colored Magistrate Sought
Linwood Koger, a member of
bring justice and fair play and
democracy to Baltimore so that
"when we fight abroad we can
really feei we have something to
fight for."
The Rev. E. L. Lofton, district
superintandent of the Methodist
Church, representing Bishop A.
P. Shaw; Mrs. Bertha Proctor, a
member of the board of managers
at Cheltenham School for Boys,
and Mrs. George Lottier, of the
Maryland Training School board,
who cited the efficient working
of mixed and all-colored boards
of their respective institutions.
Urge Stanton's Removal
During the hearing, Mr. Mur-
phy presented to the Governor
13.400 petitions secured by Donald
Boyce of East Baltimore, a mem-
ber of the Longshoremen's Asso-
ciation, asking the removal of
Commissioner Stanton.
i
He asked that he replace
him with a commissioner
"who in this war period will
not provoke violence and
unrest in this community
where the minds of all patri-
otic citizens should be con-
centrated upon the single
purpose of combating our
enemies abroad."
the Walter Green Post, American In a half-hour response, the
Legion, urged the Governor to Governor declined to state what
emulate the courage of Lincoln, steps if any would be taken to
Jefferson, Roosevelt and La- Grant relief from their griev-
Guardia by giving all elements of ances, but indicated that he would
the population a share in the ad
ministration of justice by naming
colored active magistrate."
Mrs. Lallie M. Jackson, presi-
carefully consider all the wealth
of material which had been pre-
sented by the speakers.
Admits He's Surprised
dent of the Baltimore NAACP. He stated that he was pleased
-told the Governor that his refusal by the intelligent, impressive, far-
to even acknowledge the associa- sighted, fair-minded presentation
tion's letters requesting a hearing and added that he had no idea
on police killings was one of the that the delegation would be so
direct causes of the march.
large.
She urged him to appoint an He averred that he felt he and
additional policewoman, pointing the other members of his cabinet
to the fact that appropriations had learned much from the con-
were approved by the last legis-ference and stated, "I am in favor
lature for that purpose.
of appointment of a committee
Mrs. Juanita Jackson Mitchell, to make a study and act promptly
director of the committee which on certain matters that can be
represents 150 political, social, done in such a manner without
civic, fraternal, church and labor consulting anyone else.
groups, told the Governor that "Other matters," he said,
the March on Ar.napolis was born "would have to be taken up
of desperation and that he must gradually."
take steps to stop "smart aleck"
policemen's brutality.
They Speak for Thousands
Financed by Volunteers
The trip to Annapolis was -
nanced by voluntary contributions
She told him that when Mrs. of the 150 groups making up the
Jackson, who represents 6.000 citizens' committee and at the
paid members of the NAACP, mass meeting on Thursday night.
and Mr. Murphy spoke they spoke A total of $516 was collected
for them and that colored citizens before the mass meeting and $303
didn't support any politicians who was collected at the Thursday
"slipped in and out" of the Gov-night meeting.
i