Md. Reform School for Boys Shows Marked Improvement as Vance Thomas Ends First Year as Its Head
Cheltenham, Once
Damned, Redeemed
Governor Heeds Cries of Citizens,
Appoints Interracial Board and
Competent School Head, Transforms
State's Worst Correctional Unit
By EDWIN HARLESTON
The Cheltenham School for Boys located in Prince
Georges County is no longer branded as the worst cor-
rectional institution in the State.
The new Cheltenham has
developed because Gover- masters and upon the severity off
nor O'Conor heeded citi- the punishment, if he is foundi
zens' request and named
qualified members of both
races to the board of mana-
gers, and in turn appointed
Nebraska-born Vance E.
Thomas, white, to serve as
superintendent.
guilty.
A far cry from the Cheltenham
of a year ago, then regarded as
one of the worst State institutions
in existence, is the school for de-
linquent boys in Prince Georges
County, Md., which, under the
new superintendent, Vance E.
Thomas, white, has taken on new
life and is now well on the road
to becoming a model institution.
The above photos of the school
were taken by Paul Henderson,
AFRO photographer.
master, is largely responsible for No. 3-The four instructors of
the improvements at the cottage, the school maintained for pupils
No. 2-Edward Barnes, 17, re- from the first through the ninth
garded as one of the model boys grades. Left to right: James A.
of the institution, who virtually Bryant, Mrs. James Waters, Per-
No. 1 Cottage No. 3, where
most of the older boys live. The
living room is a large, well
lighted room, the center of indoor runs the chicken houses. The ry Farrington, all graduates of
activities. Here the inmates care of the poultry, and of the Bowie State Teachers' College,
lounge around on chairs and chicken houses, is his respon- and Walter C. Jones, a product
benches which they themselves sibility. He is shown here feed of the old Baltimore Normal
built during the past eltven ing some of his brood, which School, now known as Coppin
months. Leo P. Wilson, cottage numbers more than 750.
Teachers' College.
Boys are taught the latest of modern machinery. Here they preparation for spring planting. on the farm, which has more than
The committee also decides, methods of farming with the help are shown unloading fertilizer in There are three tractors in use 735 arable acres.
what boys are to be assigned to,
each of the six cottages, whose,
inmates are chosen for the most
part on the basis of maturity with
consideration for diseases andı
other factors.
Plan $100,000 Improvements
Once Called "Hell-Hole"
Whereas, once the grand juries The State Board of Public
of the city and State and civic Works only this week approved
groups termed the institution a the letting of contracts for a new,
hell-hole and one which was 50,- $100,000 senitary system which
000 miles removed from civili- means better fire fighting, water,
zation because of its inhuman laundry and sewerage systems.
treatment of wayward boys en Here at Cheltenham the boyss
trusted to its care, today these receive instruction in farming,,
groups all acknowledge that the and the crops which they raise
change in administration has and which provide food for insti-.
started the school well on the way tution consumption are put up att
to becoming one of the best in
the State.
Even the morale of the 291
boys now in the institution
has improved during the past
year under the new regime.
Mr. Thomas himself admits
that there is freer self-
expression, more singing and
playing and that serious of-
fenses are one-tenth of what
they were when he took over
the reins a year ago,
One of the reforms instituted
by Mr. Thomas is the establish
ment of the classification and dis-
cipline committee, composed of
two of the institution's officers
and three cottage masters.
Committee Handles Discipline
This committee takes discipline
away from the "whims of an in-
dividual," and puts it upon a
more rational basis.
the cannery at which the boys
also are trained.
In co-operation with the AAA,,
tomatoes, corn and peas will be
produced this year for national
defense needs. Valuable train-
ing in the raising and care of
poultry is gained by the boys who
work in the chicken yards.
Chicken Once a Week
Mr. Thomas said that an ex-
amination of the boys' diet re-
vealed that they were eating too
much pork, so this year instead
of increasing the number of pigs
ralsed, they are concentrating on
raising chickens.
These are expected to provide
enough fresh eggs to be served
several times weekly and enough
poultry for them to have chicken
at least once a week.
300 Boys Paroled
The boys play basketball and
The body meets weekly and follow a general physical edu-
decides whether or not a boy is cation program. During their
to be punished for some alleged leisure time they use the play
misdemeanor reported by cottage grounds at the back of each cot-
tage and twice a month see the
latest movies.
More than 300 boys have
been paroled since Mr. Thom-
as came to the institution and.
instead of two colored cottage
masters, there are now fif-
teen..
Well-trained colored workers
in many departments have been
hired, among them a young
Hampton graduate, Edward
Dowdye, vocational instructor in
deirying.
Every step is being taken to ob-
tain more colored persons on the
staff at Cheltenham and in a few
more years it is likely that the
once damned institution will be
a source of pride to Maryland
taxpayers.
Members of the classification
and discipline committee which
meets once a week for the pur-
pose of giving inmates proper as-
signments to living quarters, in-
vestigating reports of disorderly
boys and compiling records of
boys' behavior, to be used as a
basis for parole eligibility. Seat-
ed, left to right: H. Juntley Lloyd,
Jr., white; J. S. Bechwith, white,
boys' supervisor and committee
chairman; Leo Wilson, Francis
Beckett and James Polk. The
latter three are cottage masters.
GEORGE H. ROSEDOM,
CHARLES CEPHAS.
parole officer since February 16. Morgan State College gradu
He, too, serves as counsellor for parole officer for three ye
boys released from the institution. After boys have been rele
A Morgan State College graduate, from Cheltenham for good
Mr. Rosedom, like Mr. Cephas, is havior, Mr. Cephas follows
a native Baltimorean. their activities and advises the
Leo Wilson, cottage, master, cides upon the means of punish-
shown with one of his boys in ment. Other measures taken in-
the solitary confinement room clude whippings and curtailment
used as a means of discipline. Be- of leisure-time activities. The
rore being sent into confinement, old method of brutal beatings
the discipline committee hears went out with the old regime al
charges against the boy, and de-year ago.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.