Cheltenham Head, 5 Women on Honor Roll
New Superintendent of Boys' Institution Is First White Man on AFRO's
Honor Roll; Policewoman Whyte and Detective Butler Share Mythical Honors
Cheltenham Superintendent
Vance E. Thomas, new superintendent of the Cheltenham School for Boys, is the first
white person to gain a place on the Baltimore AFRO's honor roll for superior service.
When he took over the management of the Prince Georges County school in March, it was
VANCE E. THOMAS
branded as one of the State's worst correctional institutions. In
the nine months he has been there, Mr. Thomas has improved
the spirit and morale of the school, done away with severe
corporal punishment and substituted, in his own words, "the
heaven principle of privileges-hope for reward-rather than
the hell principle."
In 1941, for the first time in many years, the Baltimore City
grand jury report was able to praise the institution and point out
the effective and progressive measures of discipline, training
and parole.
Since March, Mr. Thomas has been able to release at least
300 boys on parole, and under supervision of a parole officer
many of them have been able to return to a normal life, taking
an active part in the YMCA activities. When he took over, there
were only two colored cottage masters; today there are fifteen
cottage masters and teachers out of the staff of sixty and every
step is being made to include colored persons on the staff of this
institution, which is operated for colored youth.
Law-Enforcement Officers
Mrs. Violet Hill Whyte, policewoman, and Detective Patrolman J. Hiram Butler are
sharing a berth on the honor roll this year for their outstanding police work, which won
them gold bars for meritorious service and commendation from Governor Herbert R.
O'Conor two weeks ago.
MRS. VIOLET HILL
WHYTE
Mrs. Whyte was not only the
lone policewoman cited in 1941. but
she is also one of the few policewom-
en to be so honored in the history of
the Batlimore Police Department.
She was appointed in 1937 by the late
Governor Harry W. Nice and was the
first colored person in that city
department.
Policewoman Whyte divides her
time between routine police duties,
which are many, rearing four chil-
dren, the youngest of whom is in high
school, and participating in the acti-
vities of numerous civic and welfare
organizations.
In achieving his second consecu-
tive commendation, Detective Butler
DETECTIVE BUTLER
displayed the same type of persistency that resulted in his appointment with two other
officers in 1938. His superior officers have nothing but praise for his outstanding police
work and thorough investigations.
Butler and Levi Jolley, manager of the Philadelphia AFRO-AMERICAN newspaper,
were the first two colored persons to take the examination for probationary patrolmen in
1934. Officer Butler took the examination every year after that until he was appointed.
While it is true that Police Commissioner Stanton has failed to appoint any other
officers in addition to the four now on the force and has also failed to put any of them in
uniform, the high type of efficinecy as demonstrated by Policewoman Whyte and Detective
Butler is one of the strongest arguments we have in our fight for uniformed policemen.
Boy Scout Leader
By winning the coveted Silver Beaver, national Boy Scout council award for noteworthy
service of exceptional character to boyhood in his community, during the annual Boy Scout
meeting in February, 1941, Leroy A. Coles, Sr., clinched his place on the honor roll. Despite
his duties as a mail carrier, Mr. Coles has found time to take an
active part in Boy Scout activities during the past twelve years.
He helped form the first colored troop in the city, in1928. Troop
No. 275, located at the Sharp Street Community House. He then
served as its assistant scoutmaster, scoutmaster, and then was
elevated to neighborhood commissioner in 1938.
Two years later he left this post to serve as Monumental
District commissioner, his duties included the supervision of all
the troops in Baltimore. His area at the end of the year had a
total of 879 boys enrolled in forty-five troops, an increase of nine
troops and 157 boys over 1940.
On December 31, because of pressing duties and the need for
building up his original troop, Mr. Coles resigned this post, but
his work during the year, coupled with his winning the coveted
scout award, recommended him for a place on the honor roll.
Steel Workers' Organizer
LEROY A. COLES, Sr.
As an organizer for the CIO's Steel Workers' Organizing Committee. Joseph H. Neal was
largely responsible for the unionizing of the Bethlehem Steel Company plant at Sparrows
Point, and subsequent pay increases which placed about $1,040,000 additional in the pockets
JOSEPH H. NEAL
of approximately 6,000 colored workers there.
Mr. Neal joined forces with the union as one of its first local
organizers the early part of 1941, when the SWOC began its
intensified drive on the steel plant and imported John Thornton
from Pittsburgh and ten white organizers to work under Nicholas
Fontecchio of Chicago.
The pay increase came in April, when the company, under
pressure from the union, granted basic wage increases of from
62½ cents to 72½ cents an hour.
Mr. Neal, an employee of the company for about seven years,
also enjoys the distinction of being the only colored official in the
SWOC's union local No. 224, set up at the plant in July. He is
vice-president.
His election to this office was unanimous in appreciation and
acknowledgement for his work with the union in the early stages
of organizing the steel plant. Mr. Neal makes his home at
613 Baker Street.
Girl Scout Secretary
Increased participation by colored Girl Scouts in city-wide scouting projects, and sub-
stantial representation of colored scout leaders on the standing city-wide committees which
run Baltimore's scouting affairs are the tangible results of Mrs. Nellie Moore's first term
as colored field secretary.
MRS. NELLIE MOORE
Since her appointment in January, 1941, this nominee for
the AFRO's 1941 roll of honor, has invested six Girl Scout troops,
bringing the total number of troops to fifteen and putting Balti-
more in third place, with Washington and Richmond only a few
troops ahead.
The new troops are located at the Mt. Washington Baptist
Church, Pimlico, Md., Troop 506; Trinity AME Church, Troops
507 and 514; Public School 100, Troop 513; Union Baptist Church,
Troop 501, and Metropolitan Baptist Church, Troop 516.
Mrs. Moore resigned from a Baltimore parent-education
teaching position to take the Girl Scout appointment, although
she had worked for five years previously as a volunteer member
of the colored district committee.
This year, for the first time, Girl Scout leaders have been
taught by a colored instructor, and Mrs. Moore's success in
obtaining leader co-operation has been outstanding.
Housing Project Manager
Avon B. Collins wins his place on the honor roll because of his excellent work in set-
ting up and maintaining high community standards as a manager of the city's low-rent
housing projects. Although he had done similar work at the Langston Project in Washing-
ton, his work as resident manager in Baltimore was that of a
pioneer, and has won respect and admiration from his tenants
and from housing officials of both races. Last week, he repre-
sented the local housing authority at the regional conference of
the National Association of Housing Officials, which met in
Louisville, Ky.
Mr. Collins has served as manager at each of the three
colored projects now in operation, but is most closely associated
with the Edgar Allan Poe Homes, which was the first of seven
such projects erected in the city.
Under his administration, there has been established at the
Pue Homes, a tenants' council, numerous civic clubs, a nursery
school, a Boy Scout troop, and an extensive adult and junior
recreation program, which is also being developed at the other
projects.
State Ν.Α.Α.C.P. President
AVON B. COLLINS
Organized in May. 1941, the Maryland State branch of the NAACP, under the efficient
leadership of its president. Mrs. Enolia P. McMillan, now includes nine member branches,
and has as its aim an active NAACP unit in each county of the State in which a number of
MRS. ENOLIA P.
MCMILLAN
colored people reside.
By virtue of a generous contribution of her time and energies,
Mrs. McMillan qualifies for nomination on the 1941 AFRO roll of
honor. This quiet-spoken woman keeps up a personal contact
with each of the Maryland branches, which include Baltimore,
Balnew, Catonsville, Frederick, and the Counties of Prince
Georges, Calvert, Charles, Montgomery and Kent.
Mrs. McMillan was president of the Maryland Teachers' As-
sociation in 1936, when that body joined with the NAACP in the
court fight for equalization of teachers' salaries. She is the
mother of a 13-month-old son and at present is on leave from
the Baltimore school system.
Her findings in a Columbia University master's thesis
reported to the Teachers' Association on inequalities in teachers'
pay, school equipment, length of terms, transportation, and
courses of study, were used by that body as a basis of the salary
equalization fight.
Improvement Group Head
Mrs. Florence Snowden was selected for the honor roll because of her persevering,
untiring and successful work as president of the Northwest Residential Protective Asso-
ciation in its efforts to improve and protect residential neighborhoods.
After battling for almost a year, this community group was
successful last April in getting the Board of Liquor License Com-
missioners to close two taverns at Biddle Street and Druid Hill
Avenue, both of which were eyesores and the cause of disorderly
conduct and unfavorable influences in the community, where
three schools and a church are located.
Previous to that, the organization won the support of Mayor
Jackson, who vetoed a proposed spot-zoning ordinance which
would have changed the 1200 block of McCulloh Street from
residential to a first commercial district so that a white grocer
could establish his business there.
In addition. Mrs. Snowden served as captain of one of the
teams in the NAACP campaign and is active in various other
civic endeavors.
MRS. FLORENCE
SNOWDEN
Urban League Secretary
Taking over the newly created position of industrial secretary of the Baltimore Urban
League on January 2, 1941, Furman L. Templeton has led a successful fight this year for
jobs for colored skilled workers in various unionized trades formerly closed to them and
has broken jim crow barriers in many companies and industries.
Mr. Templeton was responsible for the hiring of nine boys
as messengers by the local Postal Telegraph Company. He was
instrumental in getting the State Plumbing Board to accept the
applications of colored plumbers for consideration toward grant-
ing them licenses-something never before accomplished here,
as there are no colored licensed plumbers in Baltimore and but
one in the State.
He has helped to break down barriers in local defense
industries, was one of the leaders in the fight for jobs at the
Glenn L. Martin Aircraft Plant, and has secured the promise of
officials at the Bethlehem-Fairfield Shipyard that they will hire
and train colored men as soon as a building is completed there
within the near future.
So outstanding has Mr. Templeton's work been that through-
out the year he has reecived job offers from various government
agencies, notably the Office of Production Management, and last
Monday he resigned his post to be regional racial relations staff
advisor with the Office of Civilian Defense at a salary of $4,600.
Eastside Civic Worker
FURMAN TEMPLETON
Miss Janet Green is heralded as East Baltimore's most militant community and civic
worker, diligently taking part in all community betterment campaigns, despite the fact that
she has to travel fifty-two miles a day to teach school in Hereford, Md. Miss Green is
MISS JANET GREEN
president of the East Baltimore Residential Protective Associa-
tion, which will soon observe its first anniversary. This group
appeared before the Legislature last spring and succeeded in
having a bill passed for the appointment of an extra policewoman.
in East Baltimore. It has also been instrumental in ridding the
neighborhood of annoying taverns.
As chairman of the NAACP campaign in October, Miss Green
induced East Baltimoreans to triple their efforts of co-operation,
with the result that to date 6,000 memberships and more than
$6,000 has been reported in the campaign.
In addition to these activities, she finds time to be active at
the First Baptist Church, serving as assistant church clerk and
working with the young people's choir. She is a native Balti-
morean, the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. John C. Green, and grand-
daughter of the late Bishop Alexander Wayman of the AME
Church.
Reproduced with permission of the copyright owner. Further reproduction prohibited without permission.